Got to type this.

That'll do, I guess.

I put this here.

Put this off to the side.

Okay. Good. That's good.

Let's get some music on. Why not?

Have to connect my speaker. Hang on.

It's connected. It's connected. Good.

Oops.

I want to put in this one. I can play this one. It's a good one. This was a um birthday song that I made for code three plus years ago. Yeah. I'm not going to play my stuff too loud, but old school one. Oops.

I made this one for Code's birthday about three years ago. Oh, hi. Welcome in. Um, I'm sorry I can't see your name. It's really small. Cinti. Oh, bless you. Welcome. Hi. Welcome. Oh, thank you so much. It's my birthday today, guys. Happy birthday to me. Thanks for being here. I make music. Um, all the music that you hear is my music. So, thanks for being here. Much love. Welcome. Welcome, brother, sister. Um, Flister Flower, Brother Calypso, Jack, God bless you. Welcome. Thank you so much for the birthday love. Hi, guys. Yeah, check out my music. It's on this channel. Woohoo. It's my birthday. Happy birthday to me. Woohoo. You know what? Tupac passed away on my birthday. Not that it matters, but So, I just happen to have a Tupac picture of behind me. I don't know. I didn't pick it there. And I love it. It's good. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Cheers. Some coffee for my birthday. I love you guys. Thank you for being here. It is my birthday. I should let you guys know in the chat, right? Let me end this song after it's over. I'll come in my chat. Give me some love. I'm in such a zone today. I'm so grateful. Oh, I've been blessed. Hey, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. He said, "What is that behind your Oh, that's Tupac." Tupac picture painting.

It was Oh, thank you so much. Thank you. You said you like my hair. Thank you. I cut off the top of two socks and I made little hair tie things. I'm creative.

Hi, welcome. Subscribe if you're new. I make all the lit music that you're listening to. I got one I've been working on. I might share that one. I'm not sure yet.

If you like ghosts, I got a song about um concrete Casper is the name of it. You'll like it. Hi, welcome in the building. God bless you. Much love. El Capitan in the building. Hello. Thanks for being here. Hi. Welcome. Brother and sister Zar in the building. Hi.

We got brother or sister Sara MC in the building was playing the song down. It's a good song. Oh, I make all the music I listen to. Thank you. Thank you. Oh my god. Thank you so much for saying birthday. I love you guys so much. Oh, thank you. That's my man's picture. I love it. It's beautiful. Oh, thank you so much. Oh, guys, thanks for being here. You got my attention now. I'm going to stop my music and I'll play some more music in a little bit. Don't worry about that. Hang on. I'm going to stop my music. My stream's on. I want to come in here and say welcome to you guys. Welcome. Welcome. Much much love. If you're new and you have no idea who I am, I'm Little Red Big Smile. You can call me Red. Most people do. And I make music. All the music that you hear here on this channel is all the music that I've made. It's my birthday today, guys. I'm 45. I thought I was turning 44. So, surprise to me. I'm actually a whole year older than I thought. You know what I mean? That's always a nice surprise, I guess. Oh, thank you so much, Brother Tim. Oh, I love you so much. Thanks for being here. You said happy birthday, right? I love you. I love you, too, guys. Oh, you guys are the best. Oh, bless. Thank you so much. Thank you guys for being here. Let me put a welcome in here for you. I usually already have this in, but I'm so excited. What a beautiful day it's been.

Oh, this is good. Let me just type this really quick.

Give you guys some love in the chat. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, I better like my own chat while I'm here. Double tap your screen if you don't mind. If you have a mobile device that will like my stream. No pressure. If you don't like my stream, don't like it. But if you do, why not? Oh, oh my god. Thank you with all my heart. We got brother Sister Aish streaming in the building. I can't tell you thank you enough. Listen, you don't know how much that means to me. If you're new here, please check out my content. I'm a content creator. This channel was demonetized. had recently got back into the partnership program and I'm really excited to be here. I just want to say a shout out to anybody out there who's saying things like that about don't ever quit. Thank you so much because I love YouTube and I love what I do here on YouTube. I absolutely love my community. Love, love, love my community. You guys are the best. So, I thank God for each and every single one of you. If you're new, please stick around. Let me let me get to know you and love you because I will. Brother Tim, thank you so much for being here. You said, "Can't bless you today. Just spent $400 on car bars for my car this morning can bless the end of the month. Brother Tim, you just showing up means the world to me. Watching my content beginning to end and actually leaving real legitimate content, I mean comments on my videos, that is so supportive. It means the world to me. So, don't even trip, potato chip. But what I am going to do is just in case anybody does feel generous and I'm not going to bring it up because it's uncomfortable. I'm just going to drop my support links in the chat and then keep it pushing and not talk about them. So, if someone wants to, cool. If not, literally don't even worry about it. It's so fun. I just want to hang out with you guys, enjoy my birthday, listen to some of my music with you, and just give you guys some love and share some of this joy out with you guys. Get you some of that. Thanks for the Nightbot for being here. Let's get some music on. What' you say? What' you say? I think I'm going to play some of my newer music that's already been released just because I'm here on that. Let me go over here. If you're looking for my music and you don't know where to find it, it's here on this channel. You can go to my podcast section. That's the easiest way to find it. I've made it pretty organized for you. Thank you so much. We got brother Leprechaun Gold in the building. That's a cool name. You said happy birthday to me. Thank you with all my heart. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Let's come over here and hear some more music. What do you think? I got a podcast section. Let me come over here and check out my everything playlist nicely. Um, I got one I really want to play. It's been on my mind. It's called Invisible Weapon. It is a great one. Oh, I forgot I have ads, guys. I got ads back on my channel. I haven't had ads for over half a year. Get excited cuz Red's got ads back. If you don't skip my ads, I really appreciate that. And if you do skip my ads, I'm not upset. I don't blame you. Sometimes they're hard to sit through. That's fair. But if you don't, thank you so very much because it earns me teeny weeny bits of pennies in the background and I really appreciate that. So, thank you honestly. Oh, we got brother or sister um Parker in the Oh, brother Parker. Must be brother Parker. Welcome to you, brother Caveman. That's a cool name. Thank you with all my heart for the birthday love. You guys are so sweet. Thank you with all my heart for that. Thank you. Thank you. I'm not skipping my ads. I'm waiting for them. Yeah, we'll hear this one first. This one is called Well, it's not the first because we just heard a song, but this one is called Invisible Weapon, and it is a really good one. I make all kinds of different music, by the way, folks. So, hear me very clearly. I don't make just one kind of music. I make a lot of different kind of music, and it can be found here on this channel in my podcast section. I surely hope that you would subscribe if you're new. Give my music a chance. Go have a listen when you've got some time outside of my live stream tonight because, well, maybe not night for you where you're at in the world, but it's night for me here. Oh, here comes my song now. I had the volume off. Let's go. Invisible Weapon.

to my original little big smile production. Little big smile. I love this one. Thank you. Thank you. I'm so glad. Thank you. You're literally scared. Congratulations. I'm literally excited. It's my birthday and I'm like bangers. Check them out.

But I'm still

Eaboo. Shout out You Eaboo. I love this speaker.

Welcome. Much love you guys. If I'm missing any of your comments, I'm sorry. It is my birthday and there's a lot going on. I love you.

Oh, bless your heart. Welcome. You said I look like Andrew Jolie. Bless your heart. Thank you so much. I love you guys. Oh, happy birthday to anyone's birthday if it's their birthday, too. Happy happy birthday. It could be my last birthday. Thanks for asking. It could be anyone's last birthday.

And if it was, I wouldn't care. How about that? I live day by day.

Thank you very kindly for saying no make you live long. I really appreciate that. I probably will. I'm planning on living till 120. So don't worry about it. I think I'll be here for quite a while.

back with the most ever.

I love this song. It's so good.

Who's that? Hey, they going to feel me when it's too late. [ __ ] Hey, thank you. I love you guys. Thank God for you being here. You are so sweet to show up and spend some time with me. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm just chilling, listening to some of my music that I've made. And I just wanted to share some joy with you guys on my very special birthday. 45 years old. That's my birthday. I thought I was going to be 44. So, surprise to me. I'm actually a whole year older. If you're looking for affordable term life insurance, I'm not looking for that. Thanks. Oh, welcome THD in the building. What's happening? Oh, thank you for being here. By the ways, um, Brother Parker in the building saying things I'm not going to read. Um, it's not because I'm being rude, it's because you are. And so, if you want to be polite and say nice stuff, I'll read your things out loud, possibly question mark. But I'm busy having fun and loving life and being so grateful for every moment and every bit of kindness and goodness and all that. So, if you want to be getting with the program, you're welcome to stay. And if not, you're just going to politely get ignored because we only got time for like awesome. Let's hear mind blown because I just want to hear anything for right now. And these are my own original music productions. So check them out here on this channel. Mind blown. I'm mind blown. I didn't see it coming. 45 today. That's crazy. I am. Thanks for asking. I am not single. I'm not single. Definitely not. Do I look single? Definitely not. I'm one person, but I'm definitely not single. Mind blown. Find this here on my channel.

I love this one. I love this one.

I'm 45 today. It's my birthday. That's so sweet of you to say that. Bless your heart. You're sweet.

I love this one. Thank you. Thank you.

They can't replicate it in the watch. Trip it on the temple. Make them rewind it back. Confidence is currency. I never ever lack authority.

Geography specific. Every burrow, every town minds.

He said, "Uh, so why your husband does not get present?" He has. He already has. He's a check my short section. Trust me, he's already taken care of me. Yes.

Welcome, welcome. Congratulations that you have taken a poop today. I'm very happy for you. Congratulations. It's my birthday today. So, that's nice. Looks like things are moving well for the both of us. Happy to see that. What is that music for? It's for me to create, to share with you. If you like it, cool. If you don't, I don't know what to tell you. I love it. So, that's what it's for. It's for me to love and to share with you. If you like it too, then that's sweet AF. Hi, I'm Little Red Big Smile aka Red because that's what most people call me. If you're new here, I make the music that you're listening to every note. How you doing? Nice to meet you. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you with all my heart for the happy birthday love. You guys are so sweet. Thank you. Thank you. Hi. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you with all my heart. Yes, I have. Thank you for asking. Thank you kindly. Yes. You said your birthday's on the 18th. Woo. Big hugs to the September babies in the house. Happy birthday to all the September babies. Thank you. Thank you. I am going to show you how I celebrate. I'm celebrating with you guys live here on my channel and I'm very grateful for I will tell you that it's been a hell of a ride here. Honestly, thank you so much. I don't know who um MJ Momo is, but thank you. I think bless your heart. Hi guys. I am going to play some more music. We're just going to chill, hang out. I have no idea how long this stream is going to be as well as when I'm going to be on next. It's probably going to be a while. Most likely it's going to be a while before I come on live stream. I'm going to take a little break because I'm working on some things, really big projects right now in the background. So, I genuinely don't really have the time to do live streams for like a little bit, but I'll try to get back to a little bit more often live streams as soon as I can because I'm so overwhelmed in the background with some big big projects. Ah, excited and blessed to be busy. That's for sure. I'm so thankful to be busy. Oh, thank you with all my heart. Welcome in, um, brother Dark Passenger. Anyone, if I've missed you, I am so sincerely sorry. Please forgive me. I do try to do my best to see everybody's stuff, but I can't catch them all. And I do feel terrible when I miss stuff. I do, especially if it was something kind. Uh, do we do we have to be? Oh, no. None of us are gangsters. No, don't worry about that. Oh, your birthday was September 10th. Oh, happy belated birthday to you, brother Astral H220. Nicely. Oh, happy birthday. Happy belated birthday, shall I say. Let's see. I love this one, too. This one's really good. It's called Fair Warning. This one's a bit more aggressive of my music, and that's okay. Um, but bless your heart. We got someone in the building that really wants me to say Moses, so I'm going to tell you Moses. Do you better? Do you feel better now? If I say it again, will you just subscribe? Pretty please. Just kidding. No, I do. I do not. Genuinely, I'm not trying to be rude, but I don't care. If you subscribe, that's really kind and I'm really grateful if you do. But if for some reason you don't want to, that's totally fine. I mean, who am I? I'm just somebody. If you happen to like me, cool. If not, that's totally fine as well. I'm okay with that. Anyways, I'm going to play this song for you. It's called Red's Clock Tik Tok. It's again one of my own songs. You can find it here on this channel on YouTube. It is a little bit aggressive, so fair warning in advance. But it's all out of love. Everything that I make is out of love. So I have a lot of aggression inside, but it all stems from love. So hopefully that makes sense. Anyways, I'm going to play this one for you. It's called Red's Clock Tik Tok. Hope you like it. It's got a cool video as well. Oh, for the rhyme time. It's my birthday.

I love that people are scared in my chat. That's great. On my birthday, people are scared. This is brilliant. You should be scared. So, at least your right.

Oh, this is a great one. I love this one. Love it. Love it. So good.

Come on.

Thank you, brother time. Thank you with all my heart for being here. Say happy birthday. We got brother sister Madison in the building. Please subscribe if you're new. Please

limit singer to swallow sound.

You got to watch the rest of that on your own time. Just listen to it for now. It's a great line.

Oh, brother Ryan, thank you with all my heart for saying happy birthday. I love you, dude. I love you, brother. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

I didn't come to whisper at the door.

Okay. Bye. Break your heart. Proud to be America. Bless your heart. God bless you.

finally set it free. Oh, I got to find my other playlist. I got another one here. Plus, I got some saved up that I'm not sure, too.

I've been working on a banger in the background. It's been hard. I'll tell you, it has been hard. Boxing party. All right, get in there. I hope you have a blast at your boxing party. Have fun. Have fun. I hope if you're rooting for somebody, they win. Good luck on all that.

Nicely.

Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness.

Oh, this is set by most popular bread. This needs to be sad. It is

damn that I got my playlist all screwed up, isn't it? I'm on the wrong playlist, though. Hang on. I got to get on the correct playlist now. I landed at my frequencies. this by mistake somehow. Okay, you know what? This one rules and I want to play it because it's just such a banger. It just really is. Shout out to this. I'm also just doing a bit of reminiscing over this time because it is my birthday and so I'm doing a bit of flashbacks as well on some of the songs that I've made maybe I haven't heard for a while or that have just turned out to be quite the quite the classic on my channel I have to say for myself. Anyways, this is one of them. It's called Blaze Slow and I don't mind if I do. How about you? Hey, what was in the bed to say what's up, girl. Bless your heart. What's up to you as well? Bless you. Oh, we got an advert on. I'm sorry. We got an advert on. Hang on. I gotta pause that or I mean mute that. Anyhow, much love to you. You said got your

see.

No, I don't think so. Oh, you know what though? I don't have on.

That's better. That's much better. All right, we just got to wait for these ads to finish and then we can just put this one on. This is a good one.

See about that. And then I got a rough draft version of a song I'm working on. I've been working on it for a while. I might share with you guys what it sounds like so far. It's got some work to do, but might be Oh, thanks for saying that. You must be the same person just getting different screen names and saying that. Bless your heart. Bless. Well, I'm sorry that I'm not sorry. Bless your heart.

Anyho, just got to wait for this ending, the ending of this ad to get done. Oh, I got another one. That's all right. Hang on. Now, I got to bring this. Plus, we're going to need some more battery on this phone in a minute. Anyhow, I am

We have to sit through this here now. We have to sit through that ad that on my birthday now. Hang on. Let me kick this off for just a minute. Check my battery status. Okay, we got 50%. That's cool. Let me bring you in the kitchen for now because you got to have to I need to work, man. I got to work, man. So hang on tight. Oh, bless you. We got Sister Witchie sister in the building. God bless you. Thank you for being here. Let me get my camera situated. Hang on tight. I needed to check my battery situation and everything else. I'm going to bring you in the kitchen with me so I can make myself another coffee and do what I need to do here. Sound like a plan. Sounds good to me. Is that good? I think that's all right. I hope that's all right. That should do fine. I think so. Anyways, yes. Welcome to the kitchen. We're going to be hanging out in here while I just get myself into the coffee, do what I need to do, get my music on and stuff. Hang on. I was waiting for these ads to end here.

So, this doesn't need to be too loud, but it can definitely be closer to you. I put the speaker closer now. Turn it down closer.

Yeah, that's fine. I can put it by you. Thank you very kind. I'm going to make my specialty um coffee.

Thank you so much for saying happy birthday, Sister Sarah in the building. I love you guys. Thank you so much. I'm just going to make myself some coffee. Let me know if that music is too loud cuz I have a speaker next to you. I turned it down. So hopefully it's an okay level. Hi, welcome. Thanks for being here. Bless you. Coffee time. The truth

coffee time was red on my birthday.

I will just hang out for a little bit. Um, thank you with all my heart for saying happy birthday. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, we'll just hang out. Listen to some tunes. Chill for a little bit. See how it goes. Down a little bit louder, ain't you? That's all right. Don't worry about that.

Dance.

Woohoo.

I know which one I want to hear next is my supercharged song. I love that one. Oh, thank you very kindly.

It's called life for the last comment. Thank you.

Round

for the truth we find when the

supercharged song. We got the adverts also, so we'll have to wait for those to play through. Make sure this don't fall over as well. Thank you. Thank you. Got the adverts on for the next song to come on. And then in the meantime, I'm just waiting my coffee. Don't worry.

Woohoo. Nicely.

Nicely. Hello there to Pennsylvania. Much love to you. Hello there. Uh, brother or sister. Make fit 10. Oh, is it make fit? Make it Make it fit 10. Oh, beauty. Nicely welcome. Thank you very kindly for being here. I hope you're doing amazing. Happy Sunday to you, folks. Happy Sunday to you and happy birthday to me.

Those guys should be over pretty soon here. Let's check. Let's check. Oh, no. They're still playing over there. Hey there. Welcome to you. Much love. Thanks very kindly for being here and saying hi, brother or sister. SL, is that a seven or a two? 70X. Hi. Thank you so kindly saying happy birthday. Coffee time. I get it. My coffee, my sugar, my coffee. Do instant coffee here. Means it's quick.

Okay.

I do love a cup of coffee. I'll tell you.

I do. Oh, I forgot to pin that comment. Did I? That's one. Anyhow, I'll get to that later. You'll see in a moment. My song is on, but I need to rewind it. Luckily, I don't have to rewind too loud. Perfect.

Yeah, that's fine.

this song here.

You can find it here on this channel.

Lightning

bar when I cut straight through. Flow so fresh. Make the air brand new. I level up the room with a single. Who knew? I don't coast to coast in a flash jet like so. I splash bright as a flare. Don't fall in the glass. Little red big smile for the world dash. I'm pedal to the metal in a lane. I built so light refuses to wind. I rise on the beat like a quilty

drunk in the night.

I flip any doubt like a coin on edge. I pledge a reverse like a Sam pledge crisp no hedge. I call my name cleaning the game no I pressure snap to the rhythm.

Let me turn this off. I'll put it back on in a second. I just need to relocate us. Hang on tight. I need my hands.

We are relocating. Standby. Camera off. Relocation time.

Bear with me. We'll get there.

All right. All right. All right.

You need something to set you on now. And I need a stand of some kind. You need a stand of some kind. Let me get a stand for you. Hold on.

Oh, damn. We got adverts on as well. Oh, damn. I got to put the volume off. Hang on. Let's get this thing situated, man. We got to get this situated. I'm not sure how we're going to situate it, but hang on. Bless your heart. We got somebody in the building. Brother Nia Nana. I'm sorry I'm not saying that right, but bless you and welcome. Oh no, sister Carla's in the building. I love you so much, girl. Oh, big glow. Sister Carla. A girl you this time. I'm seeing I had to check twice. Hang on. Let me res situate you guys cuz I thought this is not the best of situation here. I was in the front room but I'm not now. I've had to relocate. So just stand by. Whatever this looks like is what it looks like. I don't know, man. It just is what it is, isn't it? I don't know what to tell you at this point. It's not great is what it is. Oh, man. And on my birthday getting relocated, Sister Carla, you're the best. You said, "Hey, little red. What? Today is my birthday right now." It's my birthday right now. I'm trying to get my situation on. I'm trying to get my camera going and my situation on, but I got a hot mess going on here. Had to relocate. So, bear with me. Trying to situate this whole thing here. It's not the best of situation. Oh my days, I tell you. It's got to get fixed up here. Try trying to fix this thing here somehow. I'll try. I don't know. [ __ ] sakes. I'll try. I'm trying trying, man. I don't know. Bigger best of scenario. I'll tell you isn't. But it's just the way it is, isn't it? [ __ ] What the hell can I do here? Not too much. [ __ ] Try not to break things. Hang on. Tight. My bad. All right. All right. All right.

Hopefully that's at least decent. It's It's probably not great at all. And that's just the way it is. Sorry. Sorry to tell you. I'm sorry, but that's just the way it is now. Have to relocate things. Bear with it while we do that. We are relocating the situation. Hang on. Where did I put the other one? Lost it.

It's right here the whole time. Ain't it? It's terrible. But that's the way it is. I can't help you. Can't help it. Anyh I'm crooked, too. Don't worry about that.

I don't know. Well, he's kind of turning the spot of us. Oh, it is. There we go. Oh, Sister Carla, you said, "Okay, my birthday was yesterday." Oh my god. Happy belated birthday to you. How How is that such a coincidence, Sister Carla? You know, something happened with you from Sister Kenya when I seen you there. I don't know why, but I love you to bit since the first time I seen you in the chat over Sister Kenya's. I love your energy, girl. And you actually talked to me and all. A you're so sweet. Thank you. Yeah, I love decent threes, sister, Carla. And funnily enough, what I was trying to tell you, which in typing comments doesn't really do very much justice. All a sudden, Grandma ashtray, isn't it? Well, I thought I saw you name in the comments over there, Sister Kenya, one day, and now I'm saying hi to you. No, Sister Carla, I love you and everything. And come to find out, they were naming your name. I was reading it wrong. Oopsies. But I love you anyways. Now it is you. Oh, Sister Shannon 222 in a building. Thank you. Oh, she says, "Happy birthday." Oh, I love you to bits. Thank you with all my heart. Oh, welcome in. We got black black ops in the building. Oh, thank you. It's probably the same person with lots of names and I appreciate that cuz that even though the only thing you're saying is very scary, that's actually really words that aren't mean. So, it's helping my analytics out. So, thank you for that. Bless. Sister Carla, I'm glad you're laughing. She says, "Laugh out loud." Yeah, that was funny. I was laughing to myself. I'm like, "Yeah, that's definitely not that doesn't say Carla." I don't even know what it said, funny, funnily enough. But I knew it definitely didn't say Carla after I looked again cuz at first I for sure thought it said you. And I was like, "Oh my god, I love you so much." And all a sudden I was waiting and I thought to myself, "Wait, what does that say again?" And I looked and I was like, "Oh, it definitely does not say Carla. That's for sure." Yikes. My bad. Oh. Has anyone else been there when you're saying hi to someone in chat and only to come to realize later that it's actually not that person that you're saying hi to? Surely I'm not the only one. Welcome in. Um,

thank you so kindly. Oh, we got Brother Sky Daddy in the building. Thanks for being here. Much love. Thanks for Sister Shannon's laughing. Thank you, girl. Thank you with all my heart, Sister Carla. I love you, girl. Thank you so much. You said, "Enjoy your birthday." I am. I'm having a really special birthday, and I'm really grateful. Actually been working on a song today. It's not done yet, but I kind of want to share it with you guys, but I'm not sure if I want to or not yet. I'm not sure. I'm borderline. Do I want to share it or not? It's really good though. You know what I do want to share is this instrumental that's been stuck in my head like we want to believe it. And guess what? It's my birthday. So, I can do what I want. Anyways, this is an instrumental that I want to share with you. That's just I've only put adlibbs on it. So, that means if you don't know, which probably you do, but just in case you don't know what that means, it means it's not actually real words, but don't worry about it. It's for artistic purposes. Thank you so very much for being here, you guys. Let me see if I can find this. Oh, no. It's not start, is it? There it is. But I have to look too far for it. I just got to look under instrumentals and go to the bottom of my list and then scroll up to that spot.

Oh man. Yeah, this is it. This is um mostly instrumental with ad lips. Been really stuck in my head. He said, "What time is it where I'm at?" Oh, thank you. Says she said, "Queen for the day." Bless. Uh it's only 9:19 at night here. Love this one. It's really, really good.

I got to grab my ashtray.

doesn't need to be loud. So, I'll turn it down a little bit. I went in the other room and I realized you can still hear it. So, doesn't need to be that loud. Just turn it down a little bit. Am I too close to you guys? I don't know, guys. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, it's 3 p.m. in central Texas. Big up to Texas where everything's big.

I love this one. Shout out to you ladies or guys that have super long hair. I'm not trying to exclude you, but I just naturally think of girls having long hair. Sorry. Anyways, if you have super long hair, why do I do this like this for myself? Just want to share because it might help someone else. I get a lot of headaches from the tightness from just having a ponytail in one central location pulled back. Even half up, half down to have that pulled back like that. Get headaches. So, I've discovered that if I can get just half up, half down on each side, way less. I'm not getting headaches from that. So much better for me like that. So, if it happens to look good as well, that's an added bonus. But really the truth is that if it looks good, thank God, at least it feels so much better and stay staying out of my face having to keep my hair on my face all the time. Oh, forget it. So, I appreciate this idea to just come to me to do cuz it's really helpful for me. I'm loving it. Oh, hello to you if I missed someone saying hello. Bless your heart. Sister B. God bless you. Thank you for being here. Trooper in the building. My bad. Bless your heart. Uh, you said little red. She lives inside my head. Bless your heart. Hi. Welcome. We got brother sister Mc Shafia. I like that. That's a cool name. You do too, sister Shannon. You said, "Same headaches of ponytail." Thank you. Yeah. Know, I just cut the top of two socks off and turn them into hair ties. honestly because it gives it's a little bit hair ties are a bit tight but these sock tops because I have really thick hair myself so I'm not sure if you have thin hair if it would work as well for you I don't know but because I have such thick hair it just seems to just stick there and I'm grateful I am for that bless it is what it is isn't it

oh bless your heart we got brother comedy trooper in the house I wish you funny. I My birthday wish for you is that you would be funny one day. Pleasure. With a name like that, you should be. I'm sorry that you're not. Anyway, Sister Shannon says, "Great idea. Thanks." Yeah, I hope you try it out, girl. And anyone else, give it a try. Honestly, for me, I've honestly found a lot of pain relief and just doing this simple hairstyle. Just an added bonus if it looks okay. Thank God for that, right? But yeah, for pain relief, if you have headaches from putting your hair back or putting up in a bun or all that, I know it. Trust if anybody knows I know. Oh my god. Thank you so much my heart for saying happy birthday. We got sister or brother Mcmash Shifia. I I am so not saying that right. Am I McMashia?

Oh my goodness. I'm ruining it. I'm sorry about that. Well, welcome to you. Thank you with all my heart for saying happy birthday. He said how how young are you? I am. funnily enough, I thought I was going to be 44 this year, but I'm actually 45. So, surprise to me. I'm actually a whole year older than I was expecting. I have the worst wall spot back there. I'm sorry about that. It's not beautiful, but there's really nothing I can do about it. So, that's just what it is. I'm trying to stay away from it. Don't look at it. Don't look at it. Sister Shannon, thank you so much. He said, "Happy happy birthday to you." Uh oh. I'm just letting my music play in the background. It's fine. Whatever it is, it's instrumentals only only anyway, so it doesn't matter.

Well, I'm really sorry that you think I look scary and keep saying that and want to stick around and keep saying that. Sorry. And if you're not trying to be funny, I do wonder why you would call yourself comedy trooper. Just curious. You don't have to answer for sure, but just got my wheels turning. Bit perplexing. Not worth me spending my time thinking over any more than that, but just thought it was interesting. Food for thought. If you're not trying to be funny and your name is comedy, maybe you should change your name. I don't know.

You should do whatever you want. It's your life. As long as you're smiling and you're feeling good, that's what matters, right? Right. And as long as not the expense of the cost of other people smiling and not smiling, then hey, you're all right. I think you said, Sister Shannon, um, only funny to certain people, maybe. Bless.

Sister Shannon said, "My grandma said, as long as you're not hurting anybody, do whatever the hell you want." I heard that. That's how I feel really. My intention is to do no harm no matter what. I got nothing but love in my heart. And all I want to do is give good, kind, loving feelings out there. And so if that's all I'm about, I'm really not worried about it. I just let it go like a water beat off a duck's back. If somebody got something other than that that they want to send my way, well, return to sender. When you want to come back with a light bulb of an epiphany to realize that maybe you're wrong. Well, I am going to be here, aren't I? I am. Yes, I am. Oh, yes, I am. I'm going to be here. And when you get back with a nice attitude, I'm going to love you. Yes, I am. I'm going to tell you to your face, I love you. So, just deal with it. And it's not fake either. So, how about that? Just stick around.

Hey, now. Thank you with all my heart for being here, you guys. I really appreciate you. I'm just chilling. I don't know what else I want to listen to yet, but we'll just hear some instrumentals for now. It's cool. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, that's so sweet of you though to say that. You say you look great for 45. You look like you're in your 20s. Honestly, thank you with all my heart. I don't feel 45. And as a matter of fact, if you think 45 in 5 years I'm going to be 50. That's really weird that I laughed so hard out loud last night when I realized that because I thought I was going to be 44 today. So when I realized I'm going to be five 45, I thought only 5 years away from 50. That's the funniest thing I heard. No, that is literally got to be one of the funniest things I That's definitely God having a laugh at me. God is having a right laugh cuz my time has flown by like you wouldn't believe. I'll tell you what, I still feel like I'm 20 sometimes and sometimes I feel like I'm 18,020. Golly, I feel like I live so many dang on lives in just this one lifetime. Hallelujah. I'm not kidding you. I promise you that. My God. Anyway, I'm just grateful af. I am. I'm I'm a really person no matter what. I promise you that I am really grateful and I want to share that gratitude out with you guys and that love and that joy. Thank you so much. Sister Shannon says, "Puff's free for your birthday." Thank you so much. Uh Sister Shannon says, "I did that couple years ago." Um 00. I tried to make myself a year older accidentally, of course. Oh, that's so funny. Oh, bless your heart. We got Brother Aman 25A in the building. God bless you. Thank you so much for saying happy birthday. You say I look 20. You guys got to get your eyes checked. How do you think I look that young? Bless your heart. I really appreciate it though. That's really sweet. Oh, we got Brother Billy Fleming in the building. Thank you so much for coming by on my birthday and showing some love to my stream. I really appreciate that, guys. This is probably going to be my v most viewed stream in God knows how long. I'll tell you what. And it's because it's my birthday. I'm fully aware of that. And plus YouTube's numbers recently, you know how they're going. They're actually giving you the numbers how they would have been before and all. So, this is going to have a lot of views, isn't it? It is these are just some instrumentals I'm just letting play in the background of my own. I've made them all and I just don't feel like changing it or thinking about what I want to hear next. So, I just want to chill and chat with you. Sister Shannon, you said just wait till you're 58 and your body starts hurting in in odd places at odd times. I was already doing that, girl. You said I'm going to eat some chocolate cake for you. Pass. Okay, girl. I love you so much. Hang on. If you're new here and you don't know, one of the things I do, and I'm only explaining to you just out of respect. Yes, I do smoke. Sometimes I do on the camera, but I try at least politely to light it off the camera. I don't know why. It's just one of my own personal things that I do. No one told me to do this. Just something I'm comfortable with. So, if you do wonder, now you know.

It's just one of my own little things. I try to be polite and create my own ways of politeness if I can and stuff. Look, I'm super considerate. Best I know how. I ain't perfect or any of us know. But I'm trying. Damn it. I am trying. Welcome. We got someone else new in the building. Thank you so much for being here, brother. Sister BD Shaw. Bless you and welcome. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much, brother Billy. Thank you so much. Honestly, thank you so much. I love you guys. Oh, Sister Shannon, you said your eyes do look a bit look a little bit dark, but you're the most cutest demon ever. Oh, thank you so much, girl. it. We really have [ __ ] lighting as well. But what can I do? Don't worry if there's darkness in my eyes. There's lightness in my heart. So don't worry about that. Bless your heart, brother. Amen. I really appreciate you being here and being kind. Thank you so much. You said you are so charming. Thank you so much. Are you new, brother Billy? Thank you so much for being here. I make music. I'm Little Red Big Smile. You can call me Red. Most people do. I have like a really crap situation visually for you to deal with tonight. That's okay. Don't worry about it. I'm just chatting with you, chilling with you. Enjoy my birthday. I do play instruments. I I'm gifted by ear to play music. I don't read music by choice. I've never wanted to learn because I have it in me. So, I can play any instrument by ear. And the ones that I've played by ear that I really love the most are the piano, the keyboard, the saxophone, the electric guitar, the regular acoustic guitar, and the bass. Electric bass. Definitely do love that. had to dab about the drums, but they're not, no offense, they're a bit boring for me to play. That's all. I don't know. But with music, one of my biggest irritations in always has been since I've been little is that music in scales never goes up high enough and it never goes down low enough for me. Because for me, in my mind, I can hear them going on forever. There is no ending of a lowest note or a highest note. If that makes sense to you, then you're pretty smart [ __ ] cookie, ain't you? Just like myself. Yeah. I know there is no beginning and there is no end when it comes to the notes. So that is so annoying that they stop on every instrument to me. There's always an ending of the highest note and an ending of it lowest note, which of course you can't just make a physical instrument most likely that just has all the notes forever. That's stupid. But I don't know, just food for thought for my brain, right? Yes, I do play instruments and I love it. But I haven't been able to play for years an actual physical instrument, which is fine cuz I still make music. I still make it. I still sing. I still do my thing. to make beats and instrumentals and all kind of music. Oh, bless your hair art. You're sweet. Well, obviously you can't because you're on the other side of the phone screen, but you can think about it. It's your brain, right? Sister Shannon, you're so sweet. She said divine goddess. I love you so much, Sister Shannon. Thank God for you in my life, girl. You have been such a blessing over these years to just get your love is so so ah I love you to bits. And plus, I get you, girl. And you get me, too. We've got some similar stuff in our stories. So, God don't make no mistakes. I don't think. Um, brother Billy, you said, "What can I do to make your day better?" Oh, that's a good question. What? Whatever you like. Got a cash up or buy me a coffee if you want to send me a blessing. That's fine. Or you could become a member. I got memberships back recently. That'd be fine, too. If you want to do something. Uh, do you play the singer the guitar, too, brother Billy? Do you also Hang on. Uh, brother Nightbot's in the building. Thanks for being here. Brother Aman, you said, "Are you Yes, I do." Oh, no, I'm not single. I thought you said you sing. I do sing, but I'm not single, but thank you for asking. Bless. I'm definitely not single. Plus, but I got so much love to give to so many. So, that's why I got to be on YouTube now, isn't it?

I make music. So, please check it out, guys. It's on this channel. And I will make some during live streams and a lot more. You can ask me do whatever you would like to ask. It doesn't mean I'm going to do it, but you're welcome to ask. Bless. Brother Alex want to ask me do stuff. Bless. I don't have a fur coat. I'm sorry about that. Sister Shannon said, "You're very talented and and you're amazing." Thank you so much, girl. Honestly, you said, um, brother comedian trooper, what would your advice be to anyone for life? Well, that's a very good question to be really honest with you. It would depend on where they were at, if they were booed up or not. If you already got a partner in your life, it's going to be a different answer for me than if you don't. That being said, I got some things. I got some ideas and some words for you. If you want to know, just ask me. Oh, you're so welcome. I'm happy to chat with you guys. I appreciate your time being here on my birthday. and keeping me company, spending some time with me, chilling. Spent the most of the day with my man chilling and he's doing his thing. I'm just doing mine, hanging out with you guys, having a live stream now, chilling and chatting. Brother Aman says, "Amen. Which song is your favorite from I don't I don't know Adele's song." Here's the thing, folks. I been making music my whole life, literally. Like, I just haven't been producing and putting out the music that I make my whole life, but I've been making music my whole life. And so, literally just love to listen to my own music. I have music in my head galore. That's what I want to talk to you guys about as well. Listen, pausing my music for a second. We got to have a chat. I'm going to have to put you guys on the charger in a little tiny bit here as well. But listen, as a musician, and somebody who's had this my entire life, music in my head, there's a song that I've been working on literally today. I'm still working on it and it's in my lab and I have a rough draft I might share with you guys during this specific live stream maybe. I'm not sure yet. I'm going to play it by ear. The point is this song stems from me personally, which is definitely one of you guys at least out there as well. Maybe it's not music, maybe it's something else. But for myself, the music gets too loud in my head sometimes and it's not a bad thing. It's a beautiful thing. However, it's a challenging thing with someone with so much heart and that genuinely gives a damn. Okay, to learn how to master that, quieting it when it's time and in learning to not miss important things in the real life because the music is too loud in my head or the thoughts are too loud in my head that I've missed something in the real life or maybe somebody's feelings in the real life or a situation or whatever it is in the real life. Not that this happens all the time, but I made a song that's not finished yet. I'm working on it. Maybe I'll share it. I don't know. But I've made a song something about that and something along the lines of just realizing that because I did a deep dive study and did you know because I came to think of you have two ears and one mouth. So maybe God, the creator, who I don't think makes mistakes, didn't make a mistake when he created you with two ears. You should probably listening more than you're speaking with your one mouth. H maybe doesn't mean don't speak. Just means maybe I should be listening a little bit more. Maybe you too. I don't know. I'm talking about my own self, guys. I'm not here to you. That's that's not me. I'm talking about me. I I need to do that that that healthy hero's journey, selfwork, that big girl stuff. That's not easy to do, but it's important for me. And maybe you, too. Maybe that's why I'm sharing that with you. But sometimes I just got to remind myself to find the balance of not not allowing myself to have a voice and use that. And also not missing things cuz I was too loud in my own thoughts or my music in my head was too loud to have heard or registered something. Maybe somebody loved me very much and they were trying to tell me that or something. I don't know. How do I know? How do any of us know? Because there's so many times I'm sure you too. Maybe I've missed some things. Maybe somebody cared and they were trying to tell you something. Maybe they were trying to be maybe they were vulnerable AF and you were for some reason one of the only people they felt they could open up with and find their true self with by just opening up to you. And maybe you missed some things cuz you weren't really completely present. You were somewhere else, right? Anyways, long and short, I made a song and making a song along those lines and I just thought it was a really deep topic and the name of the song is going to be called Two Ears, One Mouth. And I really hope that this will really touch some people out there. It was really hard for me to make. It was really emotional for me to make, but it's really, really good. Really glad that I don't think it's finished yet, but I'm really glad I decided to make this one. Really good. It's really, really good. Anyways, bless you guys. Um, Brother Billy, you said Tik Tok post. Not sure if that is a question. Um, you're very welcome to elaborate. Yes, you can. Bless you. They said, "Can you smoke with Oh, yes, I can. I can I can do whatever I want. Bless you." Brother Billy says, "Happy birthday." Thank you with all my heart, Brother Pa. We got Brother Greg Crimman in the building. God bless you. Thank you so much. I don't know who Anne Hathaway is, but that's definitely not me. I'm Little Red Big Smile. You're welcome to call me Red. Nice to meet you. Thanks very kindly for showing up on my birthday. Hi. Oh my days. 21 likes, you guys. That's so nice. I know it's because my birthday. That's really nice of you guys. 21 likes. Been here an hour. That's really very very nice of you. But Sister Carly, you're still here as well. Bless you. You said never lose your voice. It's your right to have one no matter what anyone thinks. Thank you with all my heart for saying that. See, that's what I I was thinking about too is the fine balance of learning to listen. And sometimes people in your life will be irritated because they'll say that you're not listening enough. And that's the fine balance of learning between listening because it's the right amount for your own self and listening because that's what other people want you to listen that they need you to. No, but but also being compassionate and not missing things when it would have been important to not miss them. It's challenging af. It sure is. But I'm not complaining. I'm grateful for the journey. I'm grateful for the life lessons I learned along the way. Some of them hurt really, really bad. And some of them hurt really really bad because it's the hindsight and that you realize that accidentally honestly on God intentionally never would you have ever but you realize maybe you have done some damage. Maybe you've hurt some hearts on accident. Maybe you weren't listening and you didn't know it. Maybe you didn't catch something that might have been really important to somebody else's heart. So I'm trying to be more mindful of those things. Anyhow, sister Carly, you said I'm back and forth on No worries. I'm just grateful you're here at all. I should continue on playing some of my music, isn't it? Now, since I'm talking about that song, I'll just re I guess I could just give it a play since we're here. It's fine. Listen, this isn't the the finalized version of it yet, but feel compelled to share it anyways. So, nervous to share it, but I will share it with you. I got to pull it up. It's my birthday, guys. I made this song.

I don't think it's finished yet. I'm not sure if it's finished yet. It could be finished yet, but I don't think it is. I'm not sure how much battery do I got, but I do got to be sure about 21%. We've got enough percent for right now. I can plug it in in a sec. It's fine. Hang on tight.

Okay, this is one a work in progress. This one you said, "If you're not comfortable with it, hold on to it." Thank you, Sister Carla. I am comfortable with it. I I am glad you said that. I just am not sure if it's right where I want it to be yet or not. It could be finished, but maybe it's not. I'm not sure yet. So, I'm just going to play it anyways. Excuse me. So, this one is one that's private and I've been working on it on today. So, as a birthday to me song, I'm going to be brave and I'm going to share this song and know that it's definitely not bad. It could use some tidying up for my own ear, but maybe you'll hear it and think it's perfect just as it is. Who knows? It's kind of like Picasso in a way. I think sometimes when I'm making these, well, he's must have had a bunch of crumpled uppart pieces that he's tossed in the bin. And somebody would have paid good money for those things even though he didn't think they were good enough to be the one, right? So sometimes I think about my songs like that. Brother Winston, in the building, you're just in time. Brother Winston, it's my birthday today. And I'm about to share a song that I've been working very hard on and I not sure if it's finished or not. It could be. Maybe you could let me know if it's for sure done. You could let me know. Otherwise, I'm not sure if it's done yet. It may need some working. I'm not sure. But I'm going to listen to it now since there's anyone else to share it with. So, it's called Two Ears, One Mouth, and the lyrics should speak for themselves after what I just shared about me making it. But I'm so happy you're here, Brother Winston. Thank you so much. Well, your birthday was yesterday. No way. You know, I'm never going to forget it now. How can I forget your birthday before mine, Brother Winston? and sister Carla's birthday as well was yesterday. How cool is that? Thank you, God. This is really cool. I'm so excited to share this day with you guys. And this community is so cool. I'm so grateful for you guys. You guys are the best. Honestly, thank you so much for being here. A bless you. Somebody say Harley Quinn. I don't know what this means, but thank you very kindly for being here on my birthday. Bless you. Um, somebody says episode. I'm not sure what that means, but you're welcome here for sure. Bless you. Yeah, I'm going to play this for you and you let me know. Let me know if it's good enough. Thanks, brother Winston. He said it's good to see you. Thank you so much. Yeah, let's play this. Two ears, one mouth. Let's see if it's good enough. Is it good enough or not? Let's find out.

isn't my first language.

Wait, I want to start this over, but I don't want it to be too close to you guys because that will be too loud. I don't want it to be too loud. It's going to distort it.

Silence

down for that in the dark. started talking just to prove I just leave. But the more I feel the silence, the less that I could find. Cuz the noise wasn't just outside wide open wide opening

right

every time I listen I get stronger than

about turning down in my house cuz you can hear somebody talking

out that person

with came first for a reason. Now I'm running again. How many people

like it? chasing meas

moment.

Thank you, brother Joe. to prove the truth that you measure.

Hey, now they spent the first years of my life trying to teach me how to sit down and shut up after they tried to teach me how to walk and talk. Well, I learned how to sit down and shut up. And I tell you what, I learned how to walk and talk and I learned how to be quiet and how to listen. And I'm still learning right now that I don't know nothing about none of it. And it's a beautiful place to be and admit that you don't know. You know what? I am always a zero and I'm never fully that hero. But somewhere inside me, I know I am that hero. And I remind myself on a regular, no matter how much of a zero I might be feeling, that I am that hero inside. I am. That is me. All right? All day, every day. Ain't nobody else going to love me more, be kinder to me, or be cruer to me or meaner to me than me. You hear me? And same with yourselves. So be kind to yourselves. All right? If there's one thing I can tell you is be kind to yourselves. But don't lie to yourself either. You know what I mean? Sometimes you need a good chat. You need an honest one. You need to look at yourself in the mirror and have a real one-on-one with yourself in the eyes and say, "I think I need to tell myself some truth that nobody else can tell me. I think I'm ready to take it. And you're the only one to give it to me straight, ain't you?" Now, that's where I find myself. Oh, Sister Nikki in the building. Girl, it's my birthday. Woohoo. Happy birthday to me. I love you guys. Please, you're so sweet. Sister Carla, you said we all need to be heard. No apologies. Yeah, it's so true. We need to be heard. We need to be seen. We need to be felt. We're all human beings. We all have feelings. And it's so important. It's important. It's important to see yourself, hear yourself, and then to hear and see others as well. It is. It's important because it is all about you. you're the star of your own show in your life and it's important to know that. But it's also important to know that everyone else is the star in their own show too. So just because you don't see them like a star that they are, that's just cuz that's how you see them. And that's okay cuz somewhere someone might see them in a different way and that's all right. They might see them as awesome. So and maybe they just aren't very shiny. That's okay. Some of us can get shinied up, isn't it? Sometimes you got to put a lot of work in to polish it and get it shiny, but it's in there. It's in all of us. I believe we all got that shiny inside. A That's what's up, Sister Nikki in a building. Yeah, I just shared my song that I may or may not be done completely with yet. I'm not sure. But I do definitely love that song. It is really, really good. I got some more I want to share with you guys as well. Definitely. We'll hang out for a little bit longer cuz why not?

Let me see what else I got up in here. I got some bangers, I tell you. This one's really good. This one's actually on my channel. It's called Misunderstood. I love this one. It's really good. Really good.

Oh, damn. I have my volume off. You can't hear with the volume off, can you?

Boom. You are now listening. Mr. Taja, I love you so much, girl. Happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, I love you guys a bit.

Hopefully this is the right volume. It's not too loud.

Yes. Thank you guys for being here. Oh, I've been too blessed to be too stressed. Girl, busy busy, but good busy creating

What a beautiful, beautiful birthday. I've been so blessed. I've been just so grateful for this time. That's for sure. Just so grateful. I love you guys so much. Sister Tanj in the building. God bless you, Sister TJ. You are so sweet. I love you to bits, girl.

Oh, wait. Sister TJ, what the heck?

Hold on now, Sister Tanja. To me, get in there to the blue crew to you, Sister Tanja. You're officially blue. I'm doing that for my birthday cuz you've been showing up AF. Girl, you've been showing up, Sister Tanja. You have. You've been watching my videos, leaving me comments, showing up, giving me love. You definitely deserve to get a blue wrench or shield. It is now, isn't it? I'll do blue just a ton. You definitely earned it.

You can find this one on my channel. I love this one.

Need a charger.

And still they act surprised.

That's going to have to do, isn't it?

Oh, so pretty. Ah, you're so welcome, Sister Tanja. Thank you with all my heart for being here and showing me love. Girl, you earned it to be in the blue crew. That's for sure. No doubt about that.

Bless it. Seriously, you've been watching my stuff and leaving me comments, girl. I know you deserve. Thank you for being here, girl. Thank you for your love and your support for my content. It means the world to me. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. If you guys are watching my stuff, it means the world to me. Thank you with all I got. I really mean that. I mean that. Now, listen. Some of you guys don't got time to leave comments and I'm not bothered. I want you to know. I have YouTube analytics for some of you out there that already know. And I'm a nutter. I will check my 60 minutes videos which ones have been getting watched. So, I will know. Believe me, I do. I do. I do. And when I tell you people are watching my videos and my music, they are watching my videos and my music and I am grateful af. Thank you so much. Even if you don't give me a comment, you're watching it and even sometimes you give it a like, too. Thank you with all my heart. I really mean that. Maybe some of you guys are like it enough. You're watching it more than one time. That's why you can't like it more than once. Don't worry about that. I'm not worried about it at all. I'm just saying thank you with all my heart. A sister TJ, thanks for being here, girl. Good evening. Oh, hi brother Daniel. Brother Dylan 45 six alive. Five years away. Five years away from being 50. No way. Sister Tom, you're the first one. Sister J, you're the legend. You did it again. Sister Tanja giving super thingies in the chat. Guys, what are they called by now for guys? Half a year since I had them. No, you did a third one. Sister Tanja. I don't remember what they're called. Super thanks they're called. No super chats. No. What is that called? Oh my god. Is a sticker thing. What is it that's popping up? Oh my god. Sister TJing these gold coins and hearts. I can't believe it. Sister Carl, you send me thank you as well. Oh my god, you guys. I can't thank you enough. Seriously. Oh, they're called gifts. Oh, gifts. Gifts. Thank you so much. Oh my god. Brother Daniel, I am doing too blessed to be too stressed. Brother Daniel, you know that I got kicked out of, you know, I got kicked out of the YouTube partnership program, but I've made it back in, Brother Daniel. I made it back in. I earned my rights to be back in the YouTube partnership program, Brother Daniel. And I'm so freaking proud of myself and happy. You don't even know. I cried. I fell to the floor and cried when YouTube accept me back in. I opened on my YouTube studio and there was confetti on my screen and I made a video of it. Listen to me. I fell on the floor and I cried. I cried. I could not believe it. They took me back. YouTube took me back. I earned it. I did all the right stuff, guys. And they said, "Yes." Welcome back to the YouTube partnership. So stoked. I can't even tell you. Oh my god. I'm so grateful. Grateful. Grateful. Thank you with all my heart. Those gold coins gifts was so kind. That shocked me. That was so kind. So, you're the very first one to exercise that gifts thing in my chat since I've had it back. This is so freaking cool. What an awesome birthday. Definitely never going to forget. Oh man, I've stopped my music, but it doesn't even matter. It doesn't. Sister Carla, you said you are awesome. It's your birthday. Thank you with all my heart. You are awesome, Sister Carla. Here, look. You're also number two. Sister Carla, you're going to be Don't be telling people because I'm not giving out these blue things anymore, guys. So, you two get it. That's the way it is. You need it. You've been supportive. AF, Sister Danja, my God. And and Sister Carla, you know, I love you to bits. I can't help it. I only just told you I will. Ah. Anyhow, bless you. What kind of a creature is this? A It's a very interesting one. Thanks for asking. God makes interesting ones, and I'm one of them. Bless you, Brother Winston. You said YouTube should not kick off in the first place. No, they were right, Brother Winston. Brother Winston, they YouTube was right. I wasn't very happy with them in the beginning. But guess what? I didn't understand them in the beginning and I was wrong and they were right. I didn't do anything wrong. But according to the guidelines, those videos that I was making of YouTube shorts when the YouTube AI generator for shorts came out were genuinely just cute, fun, funny, say, subscribe, like the video, check out my music. There was no value provided or education provided on those particular shorts. For my own case, I believe that's what got me demonetized is those specific shorts. They've been deleted. I've deleted a lot of other content as well, just to be safe for my own comfortability. Do believe that those shorts are the reason why my particular channel was demonetized for inauthentic content, which later changed to repetitious or mass-produced content, which now my channel has none of. So, thank you very kindly. Anything you're looking at on my channel is authentic. It is definitely not mass-produced and it's all made by me. Thank you very kindly. Thank you YouTube for definitely making my birthday an extra special birthday because I had to wait over a half of a year. So I'm excited. I'm stoked. What? Oh, it's not for me. Sorry. I thought that was something for me. Anyhow, oh, you're so welcome, Sister Carla. No, you you do deserve to get to be blue cuz sister Carla, you've been really really sweet. Honestly, you don't know. You you've said some comments and some times in my life where you have no idea, but at the timing really needed that kindness in that moment and you just happen to have given me a comment in a timing where I really could have used that. So, honestly, thank you so much, brother. You said okay. You said I'm glad you are back and me. Thank you with all my heart for that. Seriously,

I'm going to find the next one to play for you. Oh, I do like this one. This one's really good. This one you can find on my channel as well. It's called Red's Jugular. Love this one.

Let me see. Do I want to play on this one?

No.

What happened to it? You are. Oh, it's behind me. My speaker. Where'd I put my speaker?

I love this one. Yeah. Good night. That's a good one.

Sister Carla, you said, "I'm sure you will be where you want to be on your platform real soon." Thank you. I am right where I want to be, right in this moment, girl. In gratitude, no matter what I'm at, in gratitude, very much so. Very much. Just grateful. Yeah.

See, my channel is a community based channel more than a lot of other channels are. It is about me. This is my channel, but it's about my people here. I can't help it. I love people. So, I care about people. I make songs that have shout outs to people. I just kick it with people on my live streams. I love you guys. We get little inside jokes and sayings and things like that. That's just how I am. Not every channel is like that, but my channel's definitely like that. more like a family based type of kick it spot, if you will, when we do live streams. I love it. I love love love YouTube. And that's something that I learned during my process of not being monetized as well was that my community really means a lot more to me than I realized. I knew they mean a lot to me before. I already realized that. That was a no-brainer. I love the heck out of my people. I love you guys. It's obvious. But while I was on time out, I really realized even more whether I got back in or not. I can't believe there's people that actually love me. No matter what, if YouTube see some financial value in me or not, there's still people that see some value in me. And that's that really got me through some times, you know, that I'm not kidding you. That really did just to be reminded that no, you know what? You do give some value to these people out there and they vice for us to give some value to you. You love them for real and they do love you as well for real. That's priceless. You know that. How many people get that in their lifetime opportunity all over the world? Different people that for real love and care about you and vice versa you really truly care about as well. Definitely love them. That's a priceless opportunity folks. I'm eternally grateful for that. I'm telling you. Honestly, I'm so grateful. We got brother the cruers in the chat. Bless you and welcome. Thank you so very much. Oh, you had a birthday yesterday, too. We got three birthdays from yesterday. Happy belated birthday. Thank you with all my heart for being here. Sister Carla, you said, oh no, sister TJ, you say Carla, how you been? Oh, thanks for talking to each other. You guys are surrounded by some powerful love. I'll tell you that. I don't know about you. We can be lovers or we can be fighters. And I'm a redhead, so I could definitely fight you, but I'm not going to because I choose I choose the love part. It's not always easy, but that's what I choose. I rather not fight.

Uh, let me get my scroll on here.

I got so many, I tell you.

So many yet to come.

Oh, I love this one. This is a really good one. This is This I'm going to play some of my unreleased music for you guys now. This one's called Vapor Zen. Some of them may not be released ever. I don't know. I don't know. Let's push play.

Oh, yes. I love this one. Thanks for being here, guys. Thank you, Sister Tanja. Enjoy the music. Thank you, girl. I don't want it too loud. I don't want to cause distortion.

You said you've been untucking it, taking it by day by day. Sister Carlo says to you, "Okay, thanks for saying hi to each other, you guys. So sweet. I love you guys.

One deep breath.

Oh, thank you so much, Sister Ta. God bless you, brother Daniel. I love you so much. I really thank God for you in my life, Brother Daniel. You have been around for a while and just whenever you can, you stop in and you show some love to me. Thank you with all my heart, Brother Daniel, for your love and support. I really mean it. I mean it. Oh, welcome in. We got Brother Sparrow in the building.

Oh, that's a cool one. You said if you had a superpower, what would it be? Mine would be to lay eggs on command and end world hunger. Well, I think that is a very cool and interesting and unique idea.

Thank you so much, Sister Carla.

I have got a lot of songs. Tons and tons. Don't worry about that. Thank you.

But you try to just do that off the screen. I just not comfortable. I think it's rude. I don't know. I just think it's rude. Woohoo. I'm glad you're dancing. Get in there, girl. It's in there. Oh my god. 26 likes. That is super freaking kind.

shape.

I don't rising in the m

check the vitals keep the rhythm in the lung. The stories are the ones left unsung keeping my vision. Let the pain nowhere to hide. I'm a striker for the piece for the heart. This is the end.

Just breathe.

So now

Hey,

I got to I got to play a classic of mine. It's called Grinding Gears.

It's called Grinding Gears. It's on my channel. You can find this one. It's been released. I got to kick this volume off.

Oh man. Here we go. This one. Yeah, man.

Watch me grind. Watch me move. Yeah, man. You're going to love it. UK streets. That's the truth. He's going to love it. See my pushing fake.

Oh, thanks sistera. A you're the best. Thank you sister. Oh, he doesn't look better even though everyone's in white. I like that. That's nice. Hustle hard, never [ __ ] scope. Quit and grind in his veins. Never show. Watch him level up the game. Profit over grinding gear shift

through different stages. G all he's taken. Watch the [ __ ] break home. See him climb. See him. Never quit. Never decide for power. That's my

grinding grinding. Never stopping. Never winding. Shining.

That's the way he keeps defining. Started small but he dreamed [ __ ] massive. Now he's falling looking thick. Bank account attractive. Every setback made him harder, more ad mixive. Hey

every

man. Dedication in his DNA. That's his true estate. I love this one. Grinding gears. You can find it on this channel. Get you some of it. It's good for you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I got tons and tons. So kick it. I respect his dedication. Never imitation. As well as my brother.

Every dollar that he touches shows appreciation for the struggle and the hustle. That's his motivation. Hey, welcome in. Much much love.

That's interesting comment. Bless your heart. I do love cheese and socks are good.

Oh, brother Winston, I love you. I hope you do get some more of my songs on your playlist. I got an everything playlist. It's got all my songs on it. Brother Winston, have a binge. I've got loads. I have loads of songs. Brother TJH, it's your birthday, bro. Welcome. I'm so glad you're here. It's your first time on my stream, Brother Cruz Tuber. Bless you. Thanks for being here. I make all the music that you hear, every single note, I made it myself on my channel. Thank you for being here. here and join me in my music some love and my birthday some love. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, you guys are so sweet. Oh, welcome. We got brother Big Shelly in the building. Bless you. Well, you know, Brother DJH

I don't know who Phil McCracken is, but that's Oh, well, nice to meet you. We're gonna have to click you off. Let me get another song on for you because I'm sure it got tons and I'm excited. I love this one. I'm gonna play it because it's just right here. It's called Scene Now. Actually, no, I don't want to play this one. It's really good, but

you know what? Does anybody out there have tattoos? You got a tattoo? I don't. I'm scared of needles, but I do have scars, surgeries, and things and situations in life that weren't that great. Point is, yeah. Well, I've got two versions of this song. It's called Cold Flame, and I'm going to play you the one that's for folks that might have tattoos on their skin, cuz I don't. Cuz I made an alternative version for folks like myself that might have scars instead of tattoos on their skin. And I'm going to play this one for you now. It's called Cold Flame, and this is the ink version. You can find it here on this channel and only on this channel.

Listen, you find my music on somebody else's channel, you better let me know. You want to know why? Cuz I just want some credit. I just want them to say, "Hey, she made that music. It was her who made it. That's all. That's it. Just say I made it." Just let them know I'm the little red big smile that you're listening to. When you hear this is a original Little Red Big Smile production. If you hear it on someone else's channel, I'm that little red big smile. That's me. I'm the one. If you see me in all caps in the chat going ham and emojis like an Eminem and effort, probably make it up to the number two crown or something like that's me. That's me. Anyways, here. Cold flame. Get you some of this one. That's the thumbnail if you're looking for it.

Don't mind if I do. I got a little bit left in here. Thank you with all my heart. Brother Big Shelly says, "Happy birthday. Have a great day." I have been having a great day. Thank you guys for your love. Thank you, brother Winston. He says he'll be back. Sister Carla said, "I actually got me first hat in 40 years." Yeah. Well, then you'll love this song. You'll love this song. I'm going start from the beginning cuz it's short and sweet, just like me.

That's right.

No, we didn't. We're pausing the music right now. My brother is in the building right now. Can we get a moment of silence, please? We going to pass the mic on, brother. Here's the mic for you. It is my birthday. You got something you want to say, huh? I love you, man. I'm so happy you're here. How you doing? Oh my god, I've been missing you, man. I've been having visions about you as well and praying. You're doing well emotionally and been thinking, "Hey, I hope he's doing all right." I love you, man. I hope you're doing amazing. Oh, by the 420, you said, "Oh my god, I miss your birthday." You didn't. It's right now. You didn't miss it at all. You came right on time. You guys are the best. Don't worry. I'm going to be doing more live streams coming up soon. I just been super busy. So, I don't know when I'm going to go on my next one after this. But as soon as I can, I will get back to more regularish coming on my live streams, guys, cuz I've been missing you. Sorry again. We're going to start this over. It's my birthday. We could do that. But I see 420 in the chat and I say hold the phone. I got to have to shout at him. Oh man, I miss him. Welcome. We got brother Max Steel in the building. Bless you. I'm grateful you're here. Thank you for being here. Oh, bless you. It's my birthday. Thanks for being brother Max Steel. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Sister Carla, I think you're going to like this one since you said you just got tattoo. I'm going to start it over and I'm sorry about that, but I want you to hear the lyrics. It's really good. Really good. At least I think so.

I will in a minute. What's left of it? What's left of it?

Smoke

every

Thank you brother.

Thank you brother

alone with my sorrows gang with my grief heal with the herb and it brings me relief disrespect from the system I see where it

oh nice sisterace

Smokegren.

Thank you, Sister Carla. Thank you, brother DJ.

Told you it was short. That's it. That's it. Short and sweet. That's it. That is it. Hey, man. Oh, wait. That's a banger though. It is a banger. I have to tell you that. Hey, man.

Got quite a few of them. I'll tell you that.

Get my [ __ ] on. I do love Untouchable. It's a classic, but not too classic cuz it's newer. I'll tell you what. Taking it back to the old school, guys. And I mean the old school. Want to hear my B? One of my old school bangers. One's called Pardon. It's one from three plus years ago that I made. It's mostly instrumental and it is banger. It is a banger. All right. To me, I freaking love this one. It's really good. So, this we're going to get a little bit different. Take it back to the old school hair now. Uh oh. This is a great one. Love this one. Here it is now. Sick ass thumbnail. Who made that? Oh, yeah. I did.

[ __ ] That's right. I made it.

Thank you guys so much for being here. I love you guys so much. That's right, brother. 420 is Scottish. Welcome in. We got brother McLoving back in. Great to see you. Thanks for being here again. Good to see you. It's my birthday. You came back in a great day. I know you're back, brother. The cruise tubers. Great to see you and thanks for chilling with us. It is your first time here and I'm glad you decided to stay and say more than just hey. especially on today. Really sweet of you. Really appreciate it. No, seriously guys, please do check out my music because support channel big time. Just watching my stuff supports me big time. Plus, I make this so that hopefully somebody out there is going to find some channels that they absolutely love, which you have. And I can't thank you enough. You're not going to know they're that they're there unless you hear me tell you that they're there. So, there there they are now. They're in my podcast section. There are so many songs and they're just going to keep coming out at a nice pace. Don't worry, I'm not putting them out too quickly. But I will continue to put music out and I hope you will continue to love it, enjoy it, listen to it. Love this song. Feel the breath of life. So good. I love this one.

Kick it up a little tiny bit. Just a wee bit. It is breath.

I mean, seriously, I love it. Look at that. That's a That's a banger thumbnail. Love it.

Hey, thank you for that cake in the chat. Do I belong to a cult? No, I belong to myself. I belong to YouTube. No, I don't belong to anything. I belong to or something. I don't know.

I belong to myself. Privately owned property.

I love this one.

How much battery did we got? 31 likes. All right, guys. For real. Oh, we only got 13% battery. That's not fun. That's not fun. 13% battery.

Some people do ask. Listen, I usually just try to just ignore politely people that have nonsensical comments that are clearly just trying to bother and stuff or whatever. Usually I just ignore them. Just want to let you know though, some of them are just honestly, why have you wasted your time? like you could have said anything and that's what you chose to say. So don't be surprised if they don't get red. People would just have a good time right over top of it. But yes, yes, yes.

It's all right, Sister Carla. Thanks for saying something, but it's totally fine. Your brother Andrew might be asking if I'm in a cult because he might be in one himself and maybe he wants to just shop talk. Is that it? Cuz unfortunately you're so meaning so out of luck because I don't know anything about cult talk. Sorry. Sorry. I'm not sorry. And if you're in one, shout out to you. I don't have anything against them. I don't know nothing about them to I don't know enough about them to be against them. AI is changing the game. It might be a lovely thing. I have no idea. So that's not my department. Bless your heart. We got brother two pods in the building. That's really sweet of you to say. You said you're gorgeous, son. Thank you very kindly for saying that. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, I'm going to keep playing some of my music. I make music. By the way, if you're new and you're just coming in, please check out my podcast section where you can find my music that I release. It's only here on YouTube. Only only only here on YouTube. I don't know how long that's going to be a thing, but for right now and for a long time at least, it's been a thing. If you want to find my music, you can only find it right here on YouTube. So, let's find out what we want to hear from my playlist of everything. Everything. I got to go to my podcast section for that. Sweet. Oh, we got somebody new in the building. Brother Frank. Frank in the building. God bless you. Welcome. He says, "Happy birthday, sweetie. Thank you with all my heart." Thank you. Thank you. I can't believe it. 45. I can't believe it. Honestly, that really is really funny to me to think in 5 years I am going to be 50. No offense to anyone that's 50. 50 is not old to me, but to me that is crazy. I'm halfway to 100 in 5 years from now. That is hilarious. To me, I think that is really funny. I don't know why, but I think that is really funny. So, in my brain, I'm definitely not. I got a long way to go. A lot longer than maybe 50 some odd years. Well, I'm thinking I'm going to be 120 by the time I kick off if I choose to. You know what I mean? I'm gonna do as much mind powers as I can to try to stay as long as I can. Don't worry about that. And laughing is the best medicine and smiling is the best medicine. My name is Little Red smiling. Literally smiling every day. Like literally every day. Every day. So there is that. And I think I'm going to live longer just because of that. So there's there's a possibility, guys. I might be the oldest YouTuber in the world in the future. You might be an early investor of the future's oldest YouTuber.

Oh, they got to see you out in South Carolina. Much love to you. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, that's really funny. Someone said, um, belong to so funny. Hi, effing love brother 420 bits. I love you guys. Thank you for being here. It's foggy because my room is really not the best of lighting and my camera is really an old phone camera from 2020. So, unfortunately, at this part of my life journey here in YouTube and in general, I really I'm not able to afford beautiful amazing equipment and lighting and things like that. So, I'm just doing the best with what I have and just being really grateful even though it's pretty poor quality. It's all right. Thank you. Anyways, I mean, thank you for telling me and not being rude about it because I certainly didn't take that as a rude thing at all. So, thank you very kindly for just letting me know because in case I didn't know, maybe I could just do something about that, right? No, seriously, thank you. Sometimes somebody's on there and they don't know it's a matter of they just could go to a different room or fix your lighting or something and then Oh, there we go. There's That's better. Yeah. Know, I don't have any of those options in the moment. Sorry. We got brothers two pods saying, "Damn, I'm 35. You're 50." No, I'm not 50 yet. I literally just turned 45 today. I'm just 45 today is my birthday. I thought I was turning 44, but I'm not. I'm 45 today. So, there's that. But that's what made me realize, wow, I'm only 5 years away from 50. That's crazy and hilarious. I think it's really funny. I don't know why, but I do think it's really funny. Anyway, I should play something else for you. Um, let's see. I'm just going to play untouchable for right now because it's right in front of my eyes. Oops. Oh, we got a Tik Tok ad.

Oh. Oh, that is not a nice ad. Yikes. Well, I don't like those kind of ads on my channel now. Oh, come on, Tik Toks. You got to do better backwards than that, man. me on my channel doing that stuff. I ain't going to tell you what they're doing, but I don't like it. Hey, man. That's distressing.

Thank you so much. I am I am enjoying my day for sure. Brother Frank saying, I hope you're enjoying your day. It has been a really beautiful, blessed day. I've been really grateful this day. That is for sure. Oh, good. Here you go. Untouchable. That's my song. Untouchable.

I got video for it if you want some of my some of my songs I made videos for. Too loud. That's too loud. Sorry. You're going to have to go to the kitchen in a minute.

Oh, you turned 64 yesterday. Get in there, girl. Get in there, girl.

That's what I'm talking about.

They sure did used to live a lot longer back in the days, isn't it? God, bless your heart. Thank you very kindly, brother BB Sha. Thank you very kindly. I'm not sure if I'm saying that right. BD Sha, I think.

We'll definitely have to go in the kitchen and get another coffee in a minute. Here, by the way, it's not that my laundry 46. Not too sad. Oh, thank you. the DJH. Thank you. Thank you.

Yeah, why not? Just play some of my music and hang out with you guys. That's a great idea. Loving it. Well, it's already been living on anyhow, so there's that.

Oh, I got some cool ones I'm going to play next.

This one is a more chilling one. It's called Supreme Frequency. Lyrics are banging. Vibe is so chill. So chill vibe. Love this song. Simple ass uh thumbnail as well. Supreme frequency. Get you some of this one. I really love this one a lot. Really. Before I let this one completely play, I had a short to go with this video. I mean, with this song, but I took it off of YouTube. And the reason why was because I got scared now when I was doing my house cleaning and I just thought maybe repetitive reused content or something, even though it was my own, I could get dinged. So, I took it off just to be safe. But now, hindsight 2020, it probably would have been fun to leave it up, but who cares? I got the song and that's all that matters. So, I'mma play it now. Supreme frequency. Let's get you some of that. It's really good. I love the video though. was good. Thank you so much for being here, you guys. You need to get a rap battle. Let's go. We got bring up brother Big Shelly want to do a rap battle.

That's cool.

Oh, wait.

Yeah, we slow it down a little tiny bit before I pick it up a little bit.

Here it comes.

Rolling through the mana with a different kind of engine. No petrol in the tank, just a soul deep intention. They're chasing after paper, chasing after ghost. I'm anchored in a spirit that the heavens love the most. My heart is the heavy artillery, the chrome in the waste. I don't need a burner to put darkness in its place. I'm intoxicated, leaning on a love so divine, higher than the Cali, higher than the finest wine. Sitting in the pocket, let the baseline breathe. True devotion is the only trick up my sleeve. I'm a smooth operator. I'm a celestial road, carrying a weight, but I never feel the loadest that Bay Area bounc with the London weight. Love is the frequency I'm locking the gate. I've seen the fake kings and the crowns made of lead, but your love is the crown sitting heavy on my head. No substances needed. No chemicals. The peak is the silence of the soul when speaking

unconditional. Yeah, that's the code I'm living. The more I'm taking in, the more that I'm giving. Transcending the physical beyond the skin and bone. I'm a queen on the rise, but I'm never alone. The highs are constant. It doesn't fade and drop once the heart starts druming. It's never gonna stop. I stride the spirit while the world stays still. Love is the only thing that gives me the thrill. Sharp enunciation. I'm speaking it clear. Love is the only frequency I want to hear. The ultimate high, the supreme vibration, a spiritual takeover, a heart nation. That's right. One love.

Thank you, sister Carla. She's gigging in the chat. Feeling it. You got the number one crown tonight, girl. And you got a blue shield. Get in there, girl. On my birthday. You getting blessed up. Get you some. Tell you what, yours was yesterday. You got a birthday spillover blessings. Get them, girl. That's what I'm talking about. Thank you, brother DJH. I love those fireflame emojis. They are my favorites. And you just reminded me I got to make some more fireflame emojis for those little um what are they called? Badges. Yeah, badges or emojis. Whatever they called. I forgot by now. Yeah, I had a cool 3D fireflame emoji. I got to put that one back. That was cool. I loved it. I got some pretty override ones now. I forgot which one I have now, but

pretty cool. Yeah, I just wanted to slow down the pace really quick before I kicked it up because I'm about to definitely kick up the pace on this one here. This one's called Sarafam Architect. So, get ready for your heart to go crazy. Fair warning, if you have heart conditions, this might not be the song for you. And fair warning, if you have heart conditions, this may be exactly the song for you. Okay. All right. Hang on tight. We got an advert on. Hang on. Let that thing do its thing. Let that thing do its thing here.

All right, it now. Here we go. We're now listening to an original Little Red Big Smile production. How you doing? Yep. All right. that it's alone. I keep taking heartbeat.

I love the song.

Sorry that you're scared, but you keep coming in with a new account and being scared, which is really great for my analytics. So, thank you for being so scared that you come in with like eight accounts by now. I think it is. could be a nice one. Regardless, you're doing me a solid. Thank you.

Get you some. I'm 45 today.

Thanks for asking.

I built the wall.

We got brother real Dawn the Jones in the building cards asking if it is AI music and I'll tell you what it is. It's me making my own music with my own voice with AI and I thank you for being here. I make music with and without AI. I've been making it my whole life before AI even came out. So check it out. There's some on this very channel. Enjoy you some. Listen to some. Thanks for saying granny. That's really funny. That is funny. I do I do really make real music though, for real, like without AI as well. So, don't worry about that. You can check it here on my channel. I make music with AI without AI. I've been making my whole life. So, get you some.

The next song we're going to hear is my own original voice. All me. No AI before AI came out. I'mma play you one just cuz you want to know what it sounds like. I'm sure you will know, right? What do I sound like without any AI before that was out? I'mma play it for you. Hold on. Brace yourself. I'mma play one for my birthday. It's called I heard it was your birthday. I made this one for my man 3 years ago. I started out the stream with it, but I'm going to play it again cuz you weren't here for it. So, don't worry about that. Plus, I really want to hear it again. I love that one. And you gave me a reason to play it again. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Honestly, Sister Shannon, you're so sweet. Thank you with all my heart. Oh, you know what else? I got another one. Hallelujah. I love my Halloween song. Love my Halloween song. It's not Christmas time, so I'm not going to play that one for you. It's too loud. I'm sorry about that. Too loud. He said the question is, is it could be That's a very good question. You be the judge. You be the judge of that. I'll tell you what, you tell me if it's good or not. This one's almost over, so you can tell me after this one if you think it's any good at all. I'll tell you right now, I think it's okay. I don't think it's the best, and I don't think it's the worst, but I love it. It's my music and I love it. Always have, always will. So, I'll tell you what. You let me know what you think. That song is over. I'm gonna do you a solid, brother. You know that. I think you do crypto. I think you're into um Ethereum to be honest with you. With a screen name like that song with Ox. I reckon you're into some crypto. Anyways, peace. Did you want to hear my song? I have to play it for you whether you're here or not. I'm going to play it for you anyways. Welcome. We got brother or sister um Sean and Oh, it must be a brother. Brother Sean in a building. And here I have a heavy southern Alabama accent why. Thank you kindly. We got Sister Shannon in the building and she's got one too. She's from Texas. She said never too too loud. Thank you so much. You're all good. Thank you for staying. I'mma play it for you right now. I got a couple of them I'd like to play you. But here, let me try. Let me start with this one. Back to this my birthday song. Hang on tight. I got to go to my beginning of my list for my older songs. Hang on tight.

I just love these. So good flashbacks. Okay, this is from three years ago. It's called I heard it was your birthday.

Thank you. Thank you. Unfortunately, my stream said shut down and restarted my stream. Hang on, I have to restart that. Sorry about that. All right, my stream just said restart. It's restarted. We're restarted. Welcome back. Thanks, Sister Carla. Brother DJHS mushrooms. I don't know what that's related to, but get in there. I never had them. It's not much funny, but to each their own. Oh, thank you so much with all my heart brother Alexander White. God bless you. Very kind of you. It is my birthday, so thanks for the kind words

mushroom. You're funny. Thank you so much, brother Alexander. Say happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, brother. Um, probably an Ethereum lover. Brother Ox7s, whatever the rest of your numbers are.

I got a couple more without AI I'd like to share with you. Badly, cuz why not? I don't think I'm the best and I don't think I'm the worst, but I love my music. That's what I can say. I love it.

I don't lose a freaking mind.

I heard it was your birthday.

Oh, thank you so much. You said you have an infectious smile. Thank you so much. I really hope I can make other people smile as well. It's not always easy, but if I can help someone else smile, that really means a lot to me. Really, whether I know it or not.

Thank you so much. I really appreciate you guys being here. Thank you.

You know what it is, brother? Um, Ethereum name. What it is is it's not [ __ ] What it is is it's not crap. Definitely not. I'll play you some other ones. Don't worry.

Not interested in record deals or any of that. So, yeah, just to let you know that that's just not for me. I've always been interested in just making music by myself. That's really for me to just do for myself. I'm not really interested in all that. So, because people have asked me and I have been approached and I politely said, "No, thank you. I don't I don't want that. Thanks. I just want to have play and have fun. Create and have fun. Bless you. Welcome in. We got brother Chris or Christian in the building. God bless you. Thank you very kindly for saying happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you very kindly. This one is called Little Do They Know. And this one right here is really special to me because I was in a really hard time in my life when I made this. Literally just have my cell phone to make music on. Folks, that is it. I don't have any special equipment. It's just my actual voice, me making music out of my body and making music with my phone. Different sounds that I make. I have different tools that I use to create music. A lot of my tools were used mostly with Band Labs back then. And so that being said, this particular song for me really was in a hard ass time in my life and I just made this. I do not write my stuff down. I do now a little bit more to be fair. Actually, I do a lot more now, but back in the day, I didn't write anything down. I just freestyled everything. So, literally, this is just whatever comes out comes out. So, I'm going to play it for you. This is called Little Do They Know. It was a really vulnerable place in my time and time in my life. But I think this song that I made from that pain actually turned out to be really beautiful in my personal opinion. I also do my own backup singing as well. If there's any backup singing on my stuff, I'll do that too. So anyway, here you go. I made the song and then just freestyled over it.

I'm sorry. You've said some stuff and I've missed it. Sorry about that.

A brother Big Shelly, I pray you have a beautiful rest. Thank you so kindly for being here. He said good night. Good night to you as well. I I pray you have a wonderful night. Thank you with all my heart for your love on my birthday. I really really appreciate that.

Oh, welcome in. We got brother Bunker in the building. Thanks very kindly for being here.

That's a really interesting comment.

I bet you're a good storyteller.

Thank you, sister Carla. You said that's talent off your phone. Salute to you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you.

Thanks for being here, brother Christian. Thank you. No, it's not easy. It's not easy. So, if you want to find any of my music from before AI was out in the world to any of us, just go to my playlist, which is all of my music. Go to the oldest songs first, and you will find years worth of songs that I've made, every note by myself. I've done my thing. And I've been putting out music here on this channel for a long for a long time. And so, I hope you will enjoy some of the stuff that I've made and that I continue to re to make. So, thank you. Thank you. Hello. I I've played music and sung since I was really tiny, like really small little girl. I've never learned how to read music on purpose. I've chosen not to because I play by ear music and sing by ear. So, I never learned how to do it. I just know how to do it. I can't explain to someone else how to do it or teach them how to do it because I don't know how to to teach what I do. I just do it. That's like teaching someone how to have naturally red hair for me. I can't teach you how to do that. I just have it. You know what I mean? So, that part cuz um Brother Ethereum made music. Did you learn music or just vibing? I think that's just vibing. Uh yeah. Thank you all my heart brother um Christian for being here. I appreciate you even though you're saying some silly stuff. I don't mind. you haven't been rude and I appreciate you being here. He said should learn music. No, I really would rather not. I've been doing it my whole life and I've had some very professional people tell me a lot of ways that I'm doing just fine what I'm doing. Don't worry about that. I appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Yeah. So little do they know, dude. And they might not ever know. And that's totally fine. Maybe sometimes some things aren't for other people to know. And that's all right, isn't it? So anyways, that is enough of that for the moment. I just wanted to share those really quickly just because you happen to be curious about what any of that sounded like at all. So now you know you have like an idea of it or something. And like I said, you're more than welcome to go have a listen for yourself. I hope that you will and show my songs a little bit of love. I really appreciate that big time. Really, for sure. Let me see. How much battery do we have at the moment? 13. I wonder why is it charging so slowly. That's strange. Maybe I should end this stream and see. I'm not sure. Maybe. I'm not sure. Plus, sorry, brother. I'm going to call you brother Ethereum name because it's quicker for me because it looks like an Ethereum wallet address to me. Your name does. Unless you don't like that. I would not do that. If you don't like that, definitely don't hesitate to tell me that you don't like that. Tell me something else to tell you rather. Anyways, he said, um, not no offense. Oh, no, none taken. Bless your heart. Thanks kindly. I know. I appreciate that. Uh, he said, uh, I mean, the art of all is there always something new to learn? Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I love learning. I do. I love learning. My most important thing to learn is about, you know, the hero's journey, but you know that part, working on self, trying to be best version of self. It's not an easy route, but it's one I definitely am on in the moment. Trying to be as kind and compassionate and all that to self and others as I possibly can while I'm here in this lifetime to give as much genuine, honest, real love and care as I can. Anyways, actually, thank you kindly because you said happy birthday to me. Tell me if that bothers you if I call you brother Athereum name or something. Well, I just call you brother Oex. I call you brother Oex. Is that fine? I'm not sure what to call you. Sorry. It's rare you get someone with a screen name with just numbers and letters. So, I'm sure you can understand for me that's a bit like I'm not sure what to call you bless. But, uh I can call you appreciate it for being here. That is for sure. Cuz I do appreciate you being here. Um,

let me back up out of this here and go to my top of my playlist and see what else I want to share with you.

Hang on tight. I do want to go in the kitchen and get myself a coffee as well. But this battery for the phone, uh, that part I'm going to kick off the camera for a bit. That will help it to charge up faster. And then I'm gonna take this in the kitchen with me and we can just do that. How about that? That'll do. Yeah, sure. That'll work. That'll work. Work. Hang on. Right. Relocate.

Not yet. I have to kick off my screen to save my battery because it needs to charge up. So, sorry about that. For now, we have to do that. And that's okay. That's all right. Oh, thank you very kindly. We got um someone in the building from Iran. Welcome. Much love to Iran. Brother Zulie Zulie, God bless you. Thank you for being here. Oh, and brother or sister MM9 Illy, God bless you and welcome. Thank you with all my heart for saying happy birthday to me. That's mighty kind of you. Thank you. Thank you. Yes. Let me get myself a coffee, you guys. Oh my days. Are you for real? 33 likes. Get out of town. That's so freaking nice. Oh my goodness, you guys. Thank you with all my heart for that. Here, let my get let me get myself my coffee here while we charge this up. Oh, it smells good in here. What beautiful blessed birthday. I'll tell you, I'm really grateful for this one. Honest. Really grateful. Thank you guys so much for being here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Race cars.

Yes. Um, bless you. I I suppose I should call you just Brother O X. Maybe that's polite. Brother Ox, you said, "How do you drink your coffee?" That's a great question. Uh you I just have a pot on the stove and I put some water and some milk in that and boil it up. And then I put a spoon of sugar, a spoonful of sugar and a spoonful of instant coffee and stir it up and boom. That's it. Magic. That's my coffee secret. My brother Christian, you're silly. You said snore sleep. You know what? I don't think I snore really. I think if I do, it's a really rare thing. I'll tell you that. Bless your heart.

He's watching the races.

Nicely.

That's all right. We don't need a cam to jam. No worries. We just got to charge this for a little while and it just ain't charging with the camera on. This cord is really weak. It's a weak charging cord. Doesn't charge solid. It's for chcast, I think. Doesn't have that strong charge on it. I don't got another cord if you're wondering. Why don't I just use another one? That's why.

How about yourself, brother Christian? How's your day going? How's your night going? Was it day and night for you? What's going on in your world?

Damage that car over there, he says.

All right. Nicely almost done.

Yeah, nicely. Welcome in, folks. Much love to you. How's it going? Thank you for joining me on my very special day.

Six alive. I'm 45. Can't believe it. I don't feel it. And I don't think that 45 is old by any means, but I definitely don't feel 45. That's all right.

All right.

Oh my.

Tell you what, it's a countdown. It's 11. It's almost 11. So, we got about an hour left here. Oh, here it is at least.

here now.

Whoa.

Much love we got. Brother Ox saying, "Dude, did you got any gifts today?" That's mighty kind of you to ask. Yeah, I did actually. I got some special kind of a birthday cake thing that I forget what it's called. Like a iced fingers, icing fingers or something like this. I got a short of it if you want to just look at the picture of what it looks like. They are really good. Got some raspberry jam in the middle and all special birthday cakes ones. That's really nice. That's really nice. And I got some other cards and some gifts as well. about a couple of other blessings as well. Got a cash app gift. That was super nice. I've been blessed today. I'm really, really, really grateful. That's really nice. Thanks for asking. And then sister Carla has spoiled me as well. She g me 35 gems after over a half of a year. And I got some gems in my chat. Hallelujah. I can't believe I even have the option to get them in the first place, let alone get 35 of them. Hey, now. Thank you so kindly for legends. Sister Carla, the very first one. As if I'm going to forget that. I will not. I'll tell you that.

And on my birthday, too. Trust me, I'm not going to forget.

The final countdown.

All right.

Oh, damn. This thing can't charge if you don't click it on, can it? Well, hey, look at that. We got brother. Oh, wait. So, you must be a sister with a name like Amy. Pardon me. We got sister Amy in the building. Nice. saying things to banned for. Way to go. Happy birthday to me. You've officially been booted. Oh, damn. Well, not yet, but you will be. You'll be on time out for 24 hours. Bye-bye. You can't say that word, though. It just goes without saying. Don't be an idiot and you'll be all right in your life. You better be anyways. Yeah. No hate speech allowed. That's a no-brainer. Anyways, happy birthday to me. I'm back at it.

Doing my thing. Let's go. We're not doing the camera. That's not happening because I need to charge. But we're going to just chill for a bit. Sounds like a plan. Relocate. You want to shut either way. Whatever works. I don't I don't mind. I'm just asking. Maybe you do, maybe you don't.

All right, hang on. Let's set this up really quick.

I see. All right, cool. Let's go kick it. That's what's up. Don't worry about it. We're going to get some more tunes on and just chill out. Back in my room, we'll kick it. Well, it's not mine, but back in the back room. include. Let me get some music on. You will kick it. Shall we kick it? I want to play this one. It's called 777. This Oops, that's an advert. You guys can find this one on my channel as well. I do like to let you know. I got into the habit of saying that where you can find it or if you can't because I do have a lot of unreleased music as well. So, I do like to let folks know. If you liked it, that's where you can find it on my channel. or if you liked it, you better let me know because it's not been released yet and it might not ever be.

Here we go. 777 alignment is the name of this one.

Yeah, man.

frequencyquency.

Hey man, there we go. One of these days I'll get some better equipment around here. Until then, it just what it is what it is and that's all right. We got brother Ox. He's saying a lot of musicians taking I'm not sure what that word means. I'm sorry. Drs. Oh, sorry. Thank you. I get d I know what you mean. Yeah. No, I I personally don't do drugs. I've tried them in my lifetime. I'm not going to lie about it. But no, they're just not for me, man. No thanks. I don't drink alcohol either. I've had that in my life and I'm not for that. Thanks. To each their own. I'm not here to judge anyone that does that. That's definitely not for me to judge you if you do. But I'm just saying for myself. Been there, done that. Not for me. Thank you. Kindly don't panic. I like to keep it organic.

Oh, thanks for those sevens in the chat, brother. Ox, honestly, thank you for being fair and giving me a fair chance and just chilling and listening. I really appreciate you and you haven't been rude. You haven't been cruel and I really appreciate that big time. Thank you.

paper.

And you made me think of something I do want to bring up as well, brother Oax. Since you did bring up that question about AI music, you did make me think about something that I wanted to point out, which is obviously I'm not bragging about it, but I am admitting to you that yeah, there's people that use AI out there to make their music. And to be really real with you, it's really going to depend on the creator themsself, the quality of content that's created off the back of that with that tool. Meaning, some creators can make music with AI. And to be fair, you're not really feeling off that. But then to be fair to myself, I feel off of my music that I make when I do use it as a tool. And I also put my own self in it. I put my own stuff in there, my own lyrics, my own voice. I do my own thing. So, I personally have a different way of using it where I know that other creators are doing that too. And I respect users that or creators that create music with it as a tool and still can make music that you can feel anyway. So, shout out to whoever's making music, whatever they're doing to make their music. If you can feel it, I'll respect it. I respect it. If I can feel it, I respect it. And if it's surface AF and just has no substance really, yeah, I'm I'm not interested. I'm not interested. Besides, I got way too much time to be creating my own to be listening to any others really. In all fairness, I'm going to play this one called Master Your Mind. I love this song so much. Oh, I love this song so much. You can also find this one on my channel. It has been released as well. Please do. It is really, really good. There's no video, but it's an amazing song. Love this one. So good.

440 on the dash. 432 on the stop being a victim, bro. It's hella embarrassing. For real.

Oh, how come I don't have my wish in here? Hang on. I got to go back to that in a second. I just realized, which it doesn't really matter that much, but I just realized I forgot to put this in here. I mean, I forgot to pin it, didn't I? My bad. I meant to do this at the beginning. Oh, damn.

Hold on one second. I got to put this in here. I meant to put this in there in the beginning and I forgot. So, please forgive me if I just put this in chat and pin it and you can disregard it if it's not for you. And if it is, then you can tend to it if you'd like. Otherwise, I'm going to keep playing my music in one second. After I do this, we'll set this up really quick. Set it for one of these. Any of these? We'll do 30 minutes.

Hold on. Let me type this really quick.

Type that right fast. All right, cool. I'm back to uh my music now before I accidentally turn that thing off. Here we go.

Don't trip. Your life is the cost of your excuse. Lost to your own abuses. [ __ ] [ __ ] like a pro, but you're the one pulling a plug on your own future. You're a bomber, blowing up the bag, wearing no armor. You're gassed up on your own pain. Walking around with a heavy chain up me and me. Shut the [ __ ] up and just

I still got to save this battery to charge it up. Sorry about that. Oh, 2 hours 22 minutes into the stream. Nice.

Pardon me say, but maybe it's better content to make music in the live instead just playing it. I do make music during my live streams.

And I make all the music. I'm a bit confused. Yeah, it's better to make music than to just listen to it. Is that what you're saying? Sorry, I'm a bit confused by what you're commenting, but I would like to understand. I think you're saying it's better to be making your music than just listening to it. Maybe that's not what you're saying. I'm sorry. But yeah, no, if that is what you're saying, I still agree with you. I would much rather be making my own music and listening to my own music for sure than just playing someone else's music.

Plus, I use 432 Hz of my music to the best of my ability. So, for myself, it sounds better, feels better. It's just better for me.

Yeah. Yeah. Mind your mind yourself there. Isn't it messy your mind? Oh, that's a great one. That's a great one. Keep on keep on driving. Let me scroll real quick. Let me find the next one for you.

Oh no, this one, bros. [ __ ] your f your ego. Excuse me. I didn't mean to say that word out loud. All the way. I am working on my cussing. And when I say working on it, I am working on trying not to do it as much, which I think I'm doing really well at for the most part. I still got a little ways to go though. I will be honest. I'm still working in progress in that department. So bear with me there. That being said, that was the original name of this song, the whole f word. And then the word your ego. I change it to the F by itself. So it's letter F. Your ego. F your ego is the name of the song. You're going to love it. I know it. I feel it already. You're welcome in advance. Kill it. Okay, we will. But we got to rewind it first. Kick up the quality. Kick up the picture quality. Kick up the audio quality for me. It does. Kill it. Good. I want to see it. Oh, damn.

[ __ ] you. going to fail. It's a cage. I'm trying to love you. Strip the stage. I'm real. Keep it prop. Your pride is dead. Leave it in the fuckage.

I'm trying to

real

scared to be seen. Scared to be home. ask you is a [ __ ] joke. Your own behind the bravery don't mean no lies. Love is the hit. Love is the drill. If you ain't real, then what is the thrill?

Oh, I got a good one for you next. Really good one. I love this one.

Love you. I'm trying to love you. The stage real fast.

[ __ ] your blood. It's a cage. I'm trying

myself. I love my crew. I'm coming for you. Look. I say I care. Where love is heavy, it's hard to bear. No tomorrow. We doing it now. Break the walls. I'm showing you how. Put the pride in the shallow grave. Only the truly brave.

Keep it

in the [ __ ]

I'm trying to love you. Drip the stage.

That's what I'm talking about.

Hey, hey, hey.

This one right here, you got to hear. This one is called Masterpiece. I absolutely love that one. We got a

big ups to Alberts on my channel, right? That's tight. Honestly, it is an honor. I'm going to say straight. I think it is illam.

Check this out. We'll have to kick this back here. To kick this back, y'all. What? Pardon me. Excuse me. Hang on. Hang on. Check the resume. Written in scars and receipts. Excuse me. Pardon me. Hello. Excuse me. Excuse me. Check the resume written in scars and receipts. Used to hustle corners where the pavement cracks meet. Now I'm chiseling myself into something proper, bro. every

Here's the problem. I don't think you're listening. I think you're hearing it, but you're not listening. So, you need to listen badly. I'm just kidding. You don't need to do anything. I kid. I kid, but I want to hear it over. So, I'm going to start over. Yeah. Check the resume in scars and receipts. Used to hustle corners where the pavement cracks meet. Now I'm chiseling myself into something proper. Welcome in. We got a new person to build brother Alamo City. God bless you. Welcome.

I have really bad quality.

So there's that. Our door is shut for our Wi-Fi. So a little

video in better quality if you listen to it on my playlist. podcast.

Maybe that's better if I move the speaker away from it, too. Maybe radio. I'm sorry to hear that. Probably have bad reception or something, isn't it?

I don't know. the grindotless

probably

I respect the journey when it got meal

sign.

yet still breathing. Every brush counts big original

Hey, much love. Bless you. Bless you.

We got brother Ox. He says HBD again in this book. I don't know what HBD. Oh, happy birthday. Well, and I'm definitely never going to stop smoking. Bless your heart. Thank you. Um, much love. We got brother or sister Titan Chef. Bless you. Interesting name. Bless you. Thank you very kindly for saying happy birthday. You say it's almost your birthday, too. Oh, how cool. Shout out to you. A happy birthday in advance. Oh, I pray you have a really wonderful birthday. I will play this one for you. It's called Base 12. Okay, we got an advert. what you know about base 10 math and base 12 math. Maybe you don't know nothing about it. That's all right. Well, today I'mma play the song I made for you. It might help you a little weeny bit. I don't know. And if you don't, at least it sounds cool to me. I like it. I like it.

Base 12. Yeah, man. Brace yourself for some base 12. started counting different

systems got me thinking about the truth they never mention that they never pay attention like

11:11 p.m.

Elevator is goingit.

Oh my goodness. 33 likes. That's mighty kind. Thank you so much, guys. Seriously. All misconception misdirection.

Oh, wait.

We got Brother Prime Reaper in the building. God bless you. Much love. I would like to turn my camera back on, but unfortunately I need to charge my phone and it's not charging with my camera on for some reason. I got an old phone from 2020. So, I'm very sorry about that. But you're welcome to rewind the stream and see that here. I am now then just a little bit ago on the cam. Welcome in, brother Prime Reaper. It's my birthday. Thanks for being here. Listen to my music. I make all the music you're listening to and I appreciate you being here.

Next song I'm going to play for you is called Little Me is Horrified. You can find all this music on my channel. If you're new here, you want to find out where can you find my music if you like it? Right here on this channel in my podcast section. Get you some of that. Show my music some love, please, and thank you. So, I greatly appreciate your support by just checking them out. You might find a song that you really love as well. You never know. This one right here is called Little Me Horrified. Hang on. We got an ad on this thing. Hang on tight. Hang on tight. Here we go. That's it. Okay, here we go. Yeah, man. That's me. How you doing? How you doing? Thank you with all my heart, brother. Prime Reaper. He says, "Have an imaging birthday." Oh, thank you. Thank you. It has been a really sweet birthday. I've been really grateful for this day. It's been really chill.

Sister Nikki. Sister Nikki. Sister Nikki. Listen. You are here. Love this song. This is so funny. I wanted to share this with you. I'm right in the camera. I'm sorry. I didn't know I'm that close to the thing. Look at this thumbnail. So, I'm talking to Sister Nikki. You guys are watching, too. Whatever. But that is a picture of me for real when I was a little baby. For real. For real. Okay. So, here I am. I'm making this song. Put this thumbnail on and everything. And I I put it out and I show it to Code and he's like, "Where'd you get that picture of that baby?" I was like, "What you mean? That's me when I was a baby." He's so We started laughing so hard cuz he barely saw it. He was in the middle of making a coffee and all, but I just showed him really quickly and he's like, "Where'd you get that picture of that baby?" Like almost dumbfounded like, "How'd you get a baby? Look so much like you if you was a baby." Like that kind of a vibe. It was so funny. Oh, bless. Thank you, Sister Nikki. You said how cute. Yeah, I got to play you guys this song cuz it's so good. You can find this on my channel. It's called Little Me's Horrified. Thank you with all my heart for saying happy birthday. We got brother and sister Rayan in the the whale in the building. That is a really cool name. Is that a bee? Is this a Bitcoin whale? Is that a bull and a bee and a Bitcoin whale? Listen, I love crypto so very much. I don't have anymore in my life. I have had times in my life where I've had it, but I don't. And that's okay. So, shout out to people that do have it. I love that for you. And I'm going to get there again one day in my life. Don't worry. One day. Anyways, it is my birthday. I'm going to play the song Little Me's Horrified 45 years later. I sure the hell I am in a lot of the best ways. Thank you for that love. I truly appreciate it. Oh, damn. Let me move my speaker. But make sure it's not too loud. So, I want you guys to get to hear this. It's really good to me. I love this one. Here, I'm going start over. Watch this. Oh, start over. Sorry. Start over. Start over. Here we go.

Watch this. I ain't here to play games with the weak ones. Spit flames got my teeth done. Little frame, but I'm meaner than the streets. Never f the room when I move. Yeah, they feel that. Every word that I spit is a kill track. Say she bad. Where's the proof? Better peel back. I'm the truth in the booth. Never spill back now.

That's the promo

taste.

Push too close and you're going to get pears

shing

ain't no fixing this little embarrassed I'm a menace I can't control the chaos when I'm breathing my name

now I'm here all tick and bad feelings back when I was younger scared of confrontation now I start the war for recreation. Had to learn the hard way. Noesit burn a bridge. [ __ ] a renovation. Remembering maybe my tongue. Now I'm thinking maybe I should write this song. Little girl fight or flight. I choose to light the dynamite for fun. Mama said I said [ __ ] that. I'mma be aavage. Teacher tried to tell me I was incapable of being [ __ ] man. Graduated from the school and shut your mouth. Now I'm running every room from north to south. Put a smile on but the teeth are sharp as hell. Little red got big and learn to bite as well. Never knew that I' become this [ __ ] reckless. Young me would be shaking feeling breathless. Told I now I'm restless. Check the scoreboard. [ __ ] I'm [ __ ] I turn in.

What the [ __ ] did you do? I just laugh and say exactly what I wanted to know. So dangerous grow up and yes shile

and play nice.

looking shocked at all the damage to English cuz I know you need a girl that's

hilarious. I'm fabious.

I be shocking

headless.

Love that one. I love that one. Thank you, Sister Nikki. Oh my god. Who do we got by now? 21%. This thing is charging slowly. But it's charging. Finally was stuck. It was going the backwards way of charging. I was like, "Oh, that's not good." That's why I had to kick my camera off because it was charging in reverse. Yeah, it's not helpful. I'm going to let this one bang cuz it's right here. It's called scene now. And this is a shout out to you. If you are part of my YouTube family, one of my brothers and sisters out there, this is for you. I made this a while back now. just to give some love out to my YouTube community to be honest and tell you I really appreciate you guys big time and I will always always always tell you that it's just something I've got to do. I have to give that gratitude. Thank you with all my heart, Sister Nikki. You say you're welcome. I love it. Thank you so much, girl. Oh, love love love you so much. This one is called Scene Now.

Love this one. Here's

the thumbnail of it in case you're wondering what it looks like the thumbnail.

Love it.

My voice is thoused.

Speaking honest, no performance, no clout. Just me being the raw version. I'm filtered and true. I feel you too. Every notification different than before. These were real connections. I can gentle at my door. Built this from the ground. I quickly made it strong. Y'all became my backbone when I barely wake up. Check the numbers climbing high. But it ain't about the count. It's the real face. Every message I looked

when I had to embrace I couldn't cry. The last safe to be exactly who am I connection can't be fu people never gave me doubt that's the testimony I'm delivering no clout to every single soul exist made me feel better

when it's realist.

actually feel

nothing.

Yeah, I love that one. The little red stuff. I love this one as well. This one's called Kinetic. And just a little backstory on this one before I play it for you. I created this one during a live stream. Someone came into my chat and they were new and I decided out of nowhere I would just make a song during a live stream and use some words. maybe possibly the chat came up with some words that I felt like I could go with to make a song off of if I would, which I ended up doing. And I used this person's name or screen name, Brother Kinetic. Shout out to him. Much much love, Brother Kinetic. I haven't seen him for ages. I pray he's doing really well. Anyhow, he came in my stream on a live stream, showed up, and I decided to make a song off of a few words that got put in the chat by a few people, and he come up with most of them. So, I just called it kinetic. So, here it goes. I'm going to play it for you. Kinetic. And I used his um profile pick to help me make my thumbnail image to give him credit as well for the words. He picked four words and I turned it into this song called Kinetic. Here you go.

Oh, welcome. Much love. Yes, you may. Brother Alex, bless you. Thanks for being here. upave

when I looked in the glass. I'm in the war.

This is my cre.

Yeah,

the only matter with the movement

again

to Perfection in the eyes of the fake. Now I'm breakinetic

motion forward. This is how heal.

my own

creation. I'm in my

Oh, somebody gave me five more gems of some kind and I missed it. Whoever did that, God bless you. Oh, thank you with all my heart. That's so sweet. I'm sorry I missed it. Whoever did that. Oh, I missed it. I'm very sorry about that. Oh, bless. How would I be able to tell? I don't know. Oh, dear.

Know who say thank to. Thank you to whoever said that. Thank you all.

I'm considering ending ending my stream in a little tiny bit here because been here for almost three hours. So, I'm thinking I'm just going to play a few more. Maybe this one only. I'm not sure. Maybe this one more. Maybe one more. We'll play it by ear. But I do want to play this one because I love this one and it's really good. If this is the song I end on either way, it's a great one because it's called I'm Not the Girl I Was Before and it's really true. Probably not. Really not. But I'm still me, if that makes any sense. For whatever that's worth. Come a long ways. Still got a long ways to go. We always will. It's part of the learning, isn't it? Anyway, here it is. It might be the last one we hear. Probably will be, but we'll see.

Yeah, I'll probably put this be the last song ended after this. Probably a good idea.

wrapped around

us. Excuse

me.

Some of that

point now.

30 minutes left in my birthday.

I'm getting ready to wrap it up.

That's right.

Woohoo!

We go that top off the side too far for him.

I feel bad brother Alex didn't get to ask his question. That's all right. Maybe he'll come back another time.

Surely am not. Tell you what, I'm not the girl I was before, but I'm always red. I'm always me. I'm always real. And I tell you what, I always am real grateful. Really, I'm grateful. I'm grateful for you guys. I'm grateful for this day. Another birthday. I've made it. I'm on this side of the dirt. I'll tell you what, I'm grateful. I'm alive. I'm happy to be here. I have a lot to be grateful for in my life. Each and every one of you I am grateful for in my life, for your love, for your kindness. Thank you very kindly for your time whenever you spend any just show any of my content some love and support. I truly appreciate you with all my heart. I want to say thank you. It is my birthday and I'm not going to end it by asking you for anything at all. I am going to end it, but not by asking you for anything, by just giving you my thanks. Thank you with all my heart, you guys. It has been a wonderful year for myself. It's been a challenging one, but it's been wonderful. I really I really have had a year full of a lot of love and a lot of smiles through a lot of painful stuff as well. So, to those of you out there who have been some of the reasons why I've had some really big smiles, I just want to say thank you. Thank you with all my heart. I am going to end my happy birthday live stream now because it feels like the right time to do that. Be polite. There's no need to just drag it on. Anyhow, if for any reason you happen to catch this back later, shout out to the replay warriors. Thank you with all my heart for watching this back later. I really, really appreciate that. Now, feel free to leave me a comment in the comment section of any videos because I do respond back to all my comments and I look forward to seeing you guys there. So, please do check out my music. That is the only thing I would like to ask you is that when you have time, please do. It is here on my podcast section. I'd love to hear from you. Let me know which songs you're absolutely loving. I want to know. Anyhow, God bless you and keep you. Thank you with all my heart once again for your love and your birthday wishes. I love you all. God bless you and keep you. And I look forward to seeing you again soon. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Big hugs to each and every one of you. God bless you.